"lang"
{
"Language"	"schinese"
"Tokens"
{
"npc_dota_hero_antimage_bio"	"当山下的王国被潮水般的侵略者们横扫的时候，星隐寺的僧侣们只是在山上默默的注视着那崎岖的山谷。苦行且务实的他们在偏远高山的寺院里，独自沉浸在远离尘嚣的冥想中，不受任何魔法元素或者神灵的干扰。然而，死亡之神的军队来了，带着摧毁所有信仰，并让当地人转而信奉死亡之神的虚无主义。带着他们千年的战乱和血雨腥风，死亡军团将他们打败的敌人的灵魂和尸骨撕裂，用这种恐怖来摧毁星隐寺的信仰。面对此等攻击，寺院只坚持了不到两个星期，甚至还有一些刚从冥想中醒来的僧侣认为，这些入侵者不过是恶魔用来干扰他们冥想的幻象，于是他们死在了自己的冥想垫上。只有一个人幸免于难，他是来星隐寺寻求智慧，却尚未得到寺院认可的侍僧。他惊恐地看着自己曾经侍奉过的僧侣们被杀，然后又被复活成为死亡之神的祭司。带着星隐寺残存的珍贵教义卷轴，他艰难地到达了一个相对安全的地方，他发誓，不仅要消灭死亡之神的魔法师，更要将“魔法”这个词从世上抹去。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_antimage_bio"	"The monks of Turstarkuri watched the rugged valleys below their mountain monastery as wave after wave of invaders swept through the lower kingdoms. Ascetic and pragmatic, in their remote monastic eyrie they remained aloof from mundane strife, wrapped in meditation that knew no gods or elements of magic. Then came the Legion of the Dead God, crusaders with a sinister mandate to replace all local worship with their Unliving Lord's poisonous nihilosophy. From a landscape that had known nothing but blood and battle for a thousand years, they tore the souls and bones of countless fallen legions and pitched them against Turstarkuri. The monastery stood scarcely a fortnight against the assault, and the few monks who bothered to surface from their meditations believed the invaders were but demonic visions sent to distract them from meditation. They died where they sat on their silken cushions. Only one youth survived--a pilgrim who had come as an acolyte, seeking wisdom, but had yet to be admitted to the monastery. He watched in horror as the monks to whom he had served tea and nettles were first slaughtered, then raised to join the ranks of the Dead God's priesthood. With nothing but a few of Turstarkuri's prized dogmatic scrolls, he crept away to the comparative safety of other lands, swearing to obliterate not only the Dead God's magic users--but to put an end to magic altogether. "
"npc_dota_hero_queenofpain_bio"	"厄泽王庭的教皇有个隐秘的受虐癖——以品尝禁忌之痛为乐。即便是对那些普通政客而言这都是愚蠢至极的，而对于教皇而言，这种私欲已经威胁到了神权本身的纯洁和完整。于是他只好偷偷的去他的地牢里，求助于那一帮恶魔学识大师，承诺只要有人召唤一名完全为他服务的痛苦女妖，那就能获得自由。旋即魔女降世，名为阿卡莎，她给教皇带去了无与伦比的痛苦和刺激，教皇随即赐其隐秘皇后之位，并将所有闲暇时间用于享受她带来的花样百出的痛苦——最终，为了追求这种只有阿卡莎能带给他的痛苦，教皇放弃了他的所有职责。痛苦女王能让他体验濒死之欢愉，并因为受符文的限制而无法杀死他。终于，教皇的不理朝政引发了起义，他被愤怒的人们从密室里拖出来，然后从祈灵塔上扔了下去。然而，他的死亡却让痛苦女王获得了自由，不再被奴役，她将恣意的向世界挥洒她的痛苦。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_queenofpain_bio"	"The Ecclesiast-King of Elze nursed a desire for pain--forbidden pain. In a less prominent political figure, such desires might be considered unwise, but in a monarch of his stature, to satisfy such thirsts would have threatened the virtue of the Divine Throne itself. Therefore he turned to his dungeon full of demonologists, promising freedom to whoever could summon a personal succubus of torment and bind it entirely to his service. The creature who arrived, Akasha by name, visited upon him such exquisite torments that he named her his Secret Queen, and he began to spend all his spare moments submitting to her clever torments--eventually abdicating all his responsibilities in his pursuit of the painful pleasures that only she could bring. Queen of Pain could bring him to the brink of death, but she was rune-bound to keep him alive. At last the King's neglect of state brought on an uprising. He was dragged from his chamber and hurled from the Tower of Invocations, and at the moment of death, Queen of Pain was let loose into the world, freed from servitude--freed to visit her sufferings on anyone she deigned to notice."
"npc_dota_hero_lina_bio"	"秀逗魔导士莉娜和她妹妹水晶室女莉莱从小就合不来，她们从童年开始就你来我往的争斗成为了当地人津津乐道的传奇故事。莉娜总是占上风，如果说水晶室女的天性纯良而诚实，那么莉娜则是火爆中带着放纵和聪慧。在两人分别用冰和火毁掉了一大半房子以后，她们气急败坏的父母终于意识到两人必须分开。作为姐姐，莉娜被送到了遥远的南方，纷争之国的燃烧沙漠，和她有耐心的姑妈一起生活，这里的气候对这位火爆的魔导士来说其实更舒服。她的到来让一潭死水的当地泛起了不小的涟漪，许多男人试图追求她，最后却拖着烧焦的手指头或者只剩半边的眉毛以及被摧毁的自信心狼狈离开。莉娜非常自信且骄傲，没有任何事物能抑制她的火焰。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lina_bio"	"The sibling rivalries between Lina the Slayer, and her younger sister Rylai, the Crystal Maiden, were the stuff of legend in the temperate region where they spent their quarrelsome childhoods together. Lina always had the advantage, however, for while Crystal was guileless and naive, Lina's fiery ardor was tempered by cleverness and conniving. The exasperated parents of these incompatible offspring went through half a dozen homesteads, losing one to fire, the next to ice, before they realized life would be simpler if the children were separated. As the oldest, Lina was sent far south to live with a patient aunt in the blazing Desert of Misrule, a climate that proved more than comfortable for the fiery Slayer. Her arrival made quite an impression on the somnolent locals, and more than one would-be suitor scorched his fingers or went away with singed eyebrows, his advances spurned. Lina is proud and confident, and nothing can dampen her flame."
"npc_dota_hero_mirana_bio"	"出生于皇室，带有高贵血统的公主米拉娜，在她即将登上太阳王座时，欣然放弃了所有对国土的世俗权力，将自身完全奉献给了月之女神赛莉蒙妮。从那以后米拉娜就作为众所周知的月之公主，巡回在银夜森林，搜索那些从月之女神保护地中的银色水池偷取夜光莲花的大胆之徒。米拉娜骑着她庞大的猫科伙伴，沉着、自豪且无畏，调和于月相和星座旋转。她的弓上镶嵌的月之矿石吸收月光之力，为她的光之箭矢充入能量。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_mirana_bio"	"Born to a royal family, a blood princess next in line for the Solar Throne, Mirana willingly surrendered any claim to mundane land or titles when she dedicated herself completely to the service of Selemene, Goddess of the Moon. Known ever since as Princess of the Moon, Mirana prowls the sacred Nightsilver Woods searching for any who would dare poach the sacred luminous lotus from the silvery pools of the Goddess's preserve. Riding on her enormous feline familiar, she is poised, proud and fearless, attuned to the phases of the moon and the wheeling of the greater constellations. Her bow, tipped with sharp shards of lunar ore, draws on the moon's power to charge its arrows of light."
"npc_dota_hero_life_stealer_bio"	"在德瓦克地下城中，关押着一个一心想要复仇的巫师，他正在密谋着如何逃跑。和他被关在同一间牢房的，是一个口齿不清的生物，一个名叫奈克斯的贼，它被邪恶议会施加了长命百岁的诅咒，这样才有足够的时间来尽可能多的惩罚它的偷窃和欺骗的行径。年复一年，它的枷锁已然被侵蚀得不成样子，它的思维也不再清醒；奈克斯已经完全忘记了以前的事情，也不再想着逃跑。巫师见状，觉得自己为逃跑大计找到了一个完美的牺牲品，于是对奈克斯施放了感染之咒，将自己的生命之力灌注到奈克斯的躯壳里，然后指使奈克斯制造暴乱，牺牲它的躯体来破坏囚牢，巫师随后就能返回自己的身体，然后神不知鬼不觉的逃跑。然而他的如意算盘并未实现，在进入奈克斯躯体以后，巫师发现他的神志被一个疯狂的旋涡所捕获，那个旋涡的力量强横无匹，抹掉了他所有的意识。由于其意识被一个鲜活生命的闯入刺激，奈克斯突然之间从它那疯狂的梦魇中清醒了过来，并且按着脑海中那个虚无的声音的唯一的指令行动：逃跑。也就是在那个时候，噬魂鬼正式诞生。这个生命体将自己的心智灌注到地下城里面的卫兵身体里，强迫他们打开牢笼，杀死其他卫兵，为噬魂鬼打开了一条畅通无阻的自由大道，而他们的生命也在被吞噬。现在，噬魂鬼仍然带着那串破碎的镣铐，似乎是在告诉世界没有人能够禁锢住他，但同时它心里还认为自己是个囚犯。两个意识共存于一个身体里——恶毒狡猾，阳奉阴违的无名生命，还有只能发号施令的主人。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_life_stealer_bio"	"In the dungeons of Devarque, a vengeful wizard lay in shackles, plotting his escape. He shared his cell with a gibbering creature known as N'aix, a thief cursed by the Vile Council with longevity, so that its life-sentence for theft and cozening might be as punishing as possible. Over the years, its chains had corroded, along with its sanity; N'aix retained no memory of its former life and no longer dreamt of escape. Seeing a perfect vessel for his plans, the wizard wove a spell of Infestation and cast his life-force into N'aix's body, intending to compel N'aix to sacrifice itself in a frenzy of violence while the mage returned to his body and crept away unnoticed. Instead, the wizard found his mind caught in a vortex of madness so powerful that it swept away his plans and shattered his will. Jarred to consciousness by the sudden infusion of fresh life, N'aix woke from its nightmare of madness and obeyed the disembodied voice that filled its skull, which had only the one thought: To escape. In that moment Lifestealer was born. The creature cast its mind into dungeon guards and soldiers, compelling them to open locks and cut down their companions, opening an unobstructed path to freedom while feeding on their lives. Lifestealer still wears the broken shackles as a warning that none may hold him, but on the inside remains a prisoner. Two minds inhabit the single form--a nameless creature of malevolent cunning, and the Master whose voice he pretends to obey."
"npc_dota_hero_furion_bio"	"在种子里埋入盘起的灵魂，从岩石深处引出缠绕的水流，起誓阳光会普照这生长的一切，当树木之神维萝迪希娅完成这一系列森林的创造后，她意识到自己的生命也到达终点，如一片命运已被她印在种子中的树叶一样飘落，无法看见自己的梦想结果。嫩芽尚未破土，即使破土，脆弱的嫩芽也很容易受到各种伤害，而她却即将辞世，无能为力，这让她无比痛心。然而她在种子袋中发现了一颗播种时漏掉的种子，在弥留之际，她将力量化作一字箴言，寄于此种，然后将其服下。在漫长的冬天，她巨大的身体逐渐分解，化为了幼苗来年春天的肥料。在春分的早晨，当其它种子还没有苏醒时，最后那颗种子在一瞬间成熟然后爆裂了。从中走出了自然的先知，他身披树叶，强壮且智慧，拥有树木之神维萝迪希娅的力量，能预见到森林最需要他的地方，同时他也很清楚，能作为他的盟友，是天赐的幸运。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_furion_bio"	"When Verodicia, Goddess of the Woods, had finished filling in the green places, having planted the coiled-up spirit in the seed, having lured the twining waters from deep within the rock, having sworn the sun its full attention to the growing things, she realized that her own time had reached its end, and like one of the leaves whose fate she had imprinted in the seed, she would fall without seeing the fruiting of her dream. It pained her to leave the world bereft, for the sprouts had not yet broken through the soil--and they would be tender and vulnerable to every sort of harm. She found in her seed pouch one last seed that she had missed in the sowing. She spoke a single word into the seed and swallowed it as she fell. Her vast body decomposed throughout the long winter, becoming the humus that would feed the seedlings in the spring. And on the morning of the vernal equinox, before the rest of the forest had begun to wake, that last seed ripened and burst in an instant. From it stepped Nature's Prophet, in full leaf, strong and wise, possessing Verodicia's power to foresee where he would be needed most in defense of the green places--and any who might be fortunate enough to call him an ally."
"npc_dota_hero_windrunner_bio"	"西部森林中隐藏了无数的秘密。其中之一就是受到风神眷顾的森林弓箭大师莱瑞蕾。风行者莱瑞蕾的家人在她出生那夜的暴风雨中全部去世了，狂风摧毁了他们的房屋，一切都化为乌有。只有还是婴儿的风行者在充满死亡和破坏的瓦屑中幸存了下来。暴风雨平静下来后，自然之风注意到了这个在草地中哭泣的幸运儿。风很怜悯这个孩子，便将她抬起，放到一户邻居的门前台阶上。之后的岁月里，风会时不时回来看下这个孩子的生活，从远处看着她磨练自己的技术。现在，经过多年的训练，风行者射出的箭矢百步穿杨。她迅捷的步伐让人难以看清，犹如背后有风在推动。风行者用飓风般的箭矢群杀戮敌人，她几乎已成为自然之力本身。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_windrunner_bio"	"The western forests guard their secrets well. One of these is Lyralei, master archer of the wood, and favored godchild of the wind.  Known now as Windranger, Lyralei's family was killed in a storm on the night of her birth--their house blown down by the gale, contents scattered to the winds. Only the newborn survived among the debris field of death and destruction.  In the quiet after the storm, the wind itself took notice of the lucky infant crying in the grass. The wind pitied the child and so lifted her into the sky and deposited her on a doorstep in a neighboring village.  In the years that followed, the wind returned occasionally to the child's life, watching from a distance while she honed her skills.  Now, after many years of training, Windranger fires her arrows true to their targets.  She moves with blinding speed, as if hastened by a wind ever at her back.  With a flurry of arrows, she slaughters her enemies, having become, nearly, a force of nature herself."
"npc_dota_hero_lion_bio"	"莱恩曾经是个为光明和正义战斗的恶魔巫师，在同胞之间享有声望的传统巫术大师。但奉承和谄媚使他堕落了。莱恩产生了超过他力量所及的野心，他受到恶魔的引诱，变得邪恶，用自己的灵魂换取了声望。在做出了许多恐怖的罪恶行为后，莱恩的灵魂受到了损伤，恶魔因此抛弃了他。背叛了他的恶魔与他的敌人联手，用更强的手段对付他。 莱恩对此变得狂怒，他追着恶魔一路跟到地狱，在地狱杀死了这个恶魔，把它一截一截地撕裂，最后莱恩取下恶魔那有魔力的手腕，装在自己的身体上。然而，与恶魔融合是要付出代价的。莱恩的身体变成了某种无法辨识的东西。他从地狱中出来时成为了狂怒的化身，不仅杀光了所有称他为怪物的人，还践踏了那片自己曾经受人崇拜的土地。他是唯一幸存的传统恶魔巫师，那些想来当他助手或学徒的人都被他抽光了魔法，然后轻松的夺走生命。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lion_bio"	"Once a Grandmaster of the Demon Witch tradition of sorcery, Lion earned fame among his brethren for fighting on the side of light and righteousness. But adulation corrupts. With powers surpassed only by his ambition, the mage was seduced by a demon and turned to evil, trading his soul for prestige. After committing horrible crimes that marred his soul, he was abandoned. The demon betrayed him, striking better deals with his enemies. Such was Lion's rage that he followed the demon back to hell and slew it, ripping it limb from limb, taking its demonic hand for his own. However, such demonoplasty comes at a cost. Lion was transfigured by the process, his body transformed into something unrecognizable. He rose from hell, rage incarnate, slaying even those who had once called him master, and laying waste to the lands where he had once been so adored. He survives now as the sole practitioner of the Demon Witch tradition, and those who present themselves as acolytes or students are soon relieved of their mana and carried off by the faintest gust of wind."
"npc_dota_hero_vengefulspirit_bio"	"天怒一族这种生物，即使最满足最安心的时候脾气也很暴躁，他们天生就会为了最微不足道的侮辱寻求复仇。然而复仇就是复仇之魂的本质所在。曾经作为一个自傲而残暴的天怒之子，仙德尔莎是苍白之巢的第一继承人，直到一个姐妹背叛了她，夺走了她的继承权。被暗杀者的陷阱困住以后，仙德尔莎以双翼为代价，逃出生天。用对于这一族最丢脸的方式：步行，颠簸逃离了。仙德尔莎明白天怒一族再也不会接受失去翅膀的她作为统治者。而且面对处于最高处的苍白之巢，没有能够飞翔的翅膀是无法接近的，她将无法碰到她的姐妹。不甘作为一个无法飞翔的废物苟活，她对于复仇的渴望超越了所有的俗世欲望，落难的公主向女神丝奎奥克达成了交易：放弃她残破的身体，换来的是精神能量化成的灵体，永世不灭，以复仇为动力，能在物质位面带来浩劫。她或许永远都不能飞翔，但她终将为自己报仇雪恨。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_vengefulspirit_bio"	"Even the most contented Skywrath is an ill-tempered creature, naturally inclined to seek revenge for the slightest insult. But Vengeful Spirit is the essence of vengeance. Once a proud and savage Skywrath scion, Shendelzare was first in succession for the Ghastly Eyrie until a sister's treachery robbed her of her birthright. Snared in an assassin's net, Shendelzare tore free only at the cost of her wings, limping away in the ultimate humiliation: On foot. With her wings broken, she knew the Skywrath would never accept her as ruler; and in the highest roost of the Eyrie, inaccessible except by winged flight, her sister was untouchable. Unwilling to live as a flightless cripple, and desiring revenge far more than earthly power, the fallen princess drove a bargain with the goddess Scree'auk: She surrendered her broken body for an imperishable form of spirit energy, driven by vengeance, capable of doing great damage in the material plane. She may spend eternity flightless, but she will have her revenge."
"npc_dota_hero_witch_doctor_bio"	"一个轮廓不匀的瘦长身影迈着怪异的步伐纵横在战场上，寻找着敌人的致命弱点，用他可怕的才能造成严重的伤害。无论他那扭曲的身体是被打断的还是先天的，没有人可以质疑其中的力量。巫医扎瓦克用他的长杖猛击地面前进，他是一个迷信、巫术和咒语的恐怖聚合体。这个身体在阿克图拉岛的高原地带学习了魔法知识并磨练娴熟，现在精确的用在他的敌人身上。治疗友军，践踏敌人，扎瓦克可以成为你的好战友，或者最糟糕的敌人。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_witch_doctor_bio"	"A wiry silhouette hitches forward--uneven of feature and limb, bizarre of gait, relentlessly criss-crossing the battlefield in search of that vital weak point where his talents can do most good, and most harm. Whether broken or mismade it is not clear, but still, none can doubt the power carried in his twisted physique. A long staff thumps the earth as Zharvakko the Witch Doctor advances, deploying a terrifying arsenal of fetishes, hexes and spells.  It is a body of magical knowledge learned and perfected over several lifetimes in the island highlands of Arktura, now wielded with precision accuracy against his enemies. Zharvakko can be your best friend or your worst enemy--healing allies and laying waste to all who oppose him."
"npc_dota_hero_leshrac_bio"	"拉席克，受折磨的灵魂，是一个从人性之中被撕裂出来的存在，他身体的一半存在于物质面，另外一半存在于非物质面。他敏锐的智慧使他能觉察到任何生物心中的最细微的恐惧。作为一个曾经毕生寻求存在意义的伟大哲学家，他用时光水晶探视了人性的最深处，在那里，他被展示在他面前的神秘的丑恶永远地改变了。傲慢与自负点燃了他内心最黑暗的深渊。和其他元素生命一样，他也是个完全随天性而行的人，但他的天性中只有邪恶和恐怖。他是唯一一个看到现实世界邪恶真理的存在，对那些相信上苍会对善举做出回馈的人，拉席克无疑是最大的反面例子。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_leshrac_bio"	"Leshrac, Tormented Soul, is an entity torn from the heart of nature, a liminal being that exists half in one plane of existence, half in another. His penetrating intelligence is such that he can never ignore for a moment the agonizing horror at the heart of all creation. Once a great philosopher who sought the meaning of existence, he plumbed the depths of nature with the haunted Chronoptic Crystals, and was forever altered by the hideous mysteries thereby revealed to him. Now the darkest depths of his enlightenment are illumined only by the fitful glare of his arrogance. Like other elemental characters, he is completely at one with nature, but in his case it is a nature lurid and vile. He alone sees the evil truth of reality, and has no use for those who believe the cosmos reserves a special reward for those who practice benevolence."
"npc_dota_hero_juggernaut_bio"	"没有人见过主宰尤涅若面具下的真面目。甚至有人认为他没有脸部。作为公然反抗腐败领主的惩罚，主宰被古老的遮面之岛流放了，这反而救了他的性命。不久后海岛在一个充斥着复仇魔法的夜晚被海浪彻底毁灭了。岛屿上古老的主宰传统，礼法和剑术都由他独自继承。作为这项传统最后的开拓者，尤涅若的自信和勇气来自他坚持不懈的锻炼，他独创的剑术证明他从未停止挑战自我。一如既往的，他的内心和他的表情一样难以捉摸。作为一位曾两度失去一切的英雄，主宰斗志昂扬，仿佛胜利已是定局。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_juggernaut_bio"	"No one has ever seen the face hidden beneath the mask of Yurnero the Juggernaut. It is only speculation that he even has one. For defying a corrupt lord, Yurnero was exiled from the ancient Isle of Masks--a punishment that saved his life. The isle soon after vanished beneath the waves in a night of vengeful magic. He alone remains to carry on the Isle's long Juggernaut tradition, one of ritual and swordplay. The last practitioner of the art, Yurnero's confidence and courage are the result of endless practice; his inventive bladework proves that he has never stopped challenging himself. Still, his motives are as unreadable as his expression. For a hero who has lost everything twice over, he fights as if victory is a foregone conclusion. "
"npc_dota_hero_pudge_bio"	"在与囚尸岭南部遥遥相望的戮尽之地，一个肥胖的身影在夜晚不知疲倦地工作着——肢解、开膛、堆积死人的四肢和内脏，一切都是为了在黎明前把战场打扫干净。在这片被诅咒的地方，尸体不会腐烂和分解，虽然不会复活，但无论坟墓挖的有多深，它们都不会回归大地。屠夫帕吉的身边总是围绕着一群食腐鸟类，他为它们切好大小能够塞进鸟嘴的肉块，时间久了，他的技术也越来越成熟。嗖嗖嗖...嗖嗖嗖...唰...肉块就从骨头上掉下来，肌腱和韧带像湿纸一样被剥离。帕吉的兴趣在一开始只是屠宰，但时间一长，他对食尸也产生了兴趣。刚开始时只是这里吃一小块肉，那里小嗫一口血...但很快他就开始了自己的饕餮盛举，即使是躯干上最硬的部位他也像狗啃着骨头一样，津津有味地品尝。就算是面对死神都毫无惧色的猛士，看到屠夫，也是异常恐惧。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_pudge_bio"	"In the Fields of Endless Carnage, far to the south of Quoidge, a corpulent figure works tirelessly through the night--dismembering, disembowelling, piling up the limbs and viscera of the fallen that the battlefield might be clear by dawn. In this cursed realm, nothing can decay or decompose; no corpse may ever return to the earth from which it sprang, no matter how deep you dig the grave. Flocked by carrion birds who need him to cut their meals into beak-sized chunks, Pudge the Butcher hones his skills with blades that grow sharper the longer he uses them. Swish, swish, thunk. Flesh falls from the bone; tendons and ligaments part like wet paper. And while he always had a taste for the butchery, over the ages, Pudge has developed a taste for its byproduct as well. Starting with a gobbet of muscle here, a sip of blood there...before long he was thrusting his jaws deep into the toughest of torsos, like a dog gnawing at rags. Even those who are beyond fearing the Reaper, fear the Butcher."
"npc_dota_hero_bane_bio"	"如果神明做了噩梦，那一定是祸乱之源带来的。被称为阿特洛波斯的祸乱之源诞生自女神妮塔莎午夜的恐惧。永生的女神在漫长的时间中孕育了过强的恐惧，已经无法用睡眠抑制，于是，祸乱之源在不断蚕食女神的不朽之身后，从她的躯体中逃脱了，他雾状的身形源自女神墨色的鲜血。他的存在就是恐惧本身。听见他声音的凡人会感觉他们心中最阴暗的秘密在耳边低语。他呼唤着所有英雄内心隐藏的恐惧。就算不眠不休亦无济于事，因为祸乱之源会用他不停滴落的黑色血液把敌人困在噩梦中。只要祸乱之源一出现，所有英雄心中都会想起那可怖的黑暗。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_bane_bio"	"When the gods have nightmares, it is Bane Elemental who brings them.  Also known as Atropos, Bane was born from the midnight terrors of the goddess Nyctasha.  A force of terror too powerful to be contained by sleep, he surfaced from her slumbers, fed upon her immortality, and stole his vaporous form from her inky blood.  He is the essence of fear.  Mortals who hear his voice hear their darkest secrets whispered in their ear.  He calls to the hidden fear in every Hero's heart.  Wakefulness is no protection, for Bane's black blood, continuously dripping, is a tar that traps his enemies in nightmare.  In the presence of Bane, every Hero remembers to fear the dark."
"npc_dota_hero_earthshaker_bio"	"和傀儡以及石像鬼类似，撼地者也曾经是大地的一部分，但现在他自由地行走在地面上。不同于那些存在，撼地者自身的意志创造了他，他不需要服从于任何主人。在岩石深处不安宁的沉睡中，他感到了上方世界自由自在的生命的存在。他对此产生了好奇心。在一个地震多发的时期，尼西埃雪山摇动的山顶发生了雪崩，河流的流径改变了，浅浅的山谷变成了深不可测的深渊。大地停止震动后，撼地者从沉淀的灰土中走了出来，像脱下毯子一样抖落无数岩石。他幻化成他想象中的野兽的外形，并自称雷格石蹄。他现在流动着血液、呼吸着空气、也会死亡。但他的精神仍然与大地同在，他的力量在那根永不离身的魔力图腾中。当他回归尘土的那天，大地仍会欢迎这个浪子回家。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_earthshaker_bio"	"Like a golem or gargoyle, Earthshaker was one with the earth but now walks freely upon it. Unlike those other entities, he created himself through an act of will, and serves no other master. In restless slumbers, encased in a deep seam of stone, he became aware of the life drifting freely above him. He grew curious. During a season of tremors, the peaks of Nishai shook themselves loose of avalanches, shifting the course of rivers and turning shallow valleys into bottomless chasms. When the land finally ceased quaking, Earthshaker stepped from the settling dust, tossing aside massive boulders as if throwing off a light blanket. He had shaped himself in the image of a mortal beast, and named himself Raigor Stonehoof. He bleeds now, and breathes, and therefore he can die. But his spirit is still that of the earth; he carries its power in the magical totem that never leaves him. And on the day he returns to dust, the earth will greet him as a prodigal son."
"npc_dota_hero_sand_king_bio"	"闪烁荒原的沙漠是有知觉的活物，它与自我对话，思考着只有这广阔的沙漠能包容的思想。当它必须要寻找一种和那些有限的存在交流的方式时，它解放了一块它的碎片，填入一块由狡猾的卡尔丁灯神创造的魔法甲壳中。这个存在称它自己为克里瑟历斯，意为“沙之魂”，不过世人都称他为沙王。沙王那巨大蛛形生物的外形源自闪烁荒地那些渺小但无处不及的居民，这身形真实地展示了他残忍的天性。沙王无法与赐予他生命的无限沙漠分开，他是这片沙漠的守卫者、战士、使节。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_sand_king_bio"	"The sands of the Scintillant Waste are alive and sentient--the whole vast desert speaks to itself, thinking thoughts only such a vastness can conceive. But when it needs must find a form to communicate with those of more limited scope, it frees a fragment of itself, and fills a carapace of magic armor formed by the cunning Djinn of Qaldin. This essential identity calls itself Crixalis, meaning 'Soul of the Sand,' but others know it as Sand King.  Sand King takes the form of a huge arachnid, inspired by the Scintillant Waste's small but ubiquitous denizens; and this is a true outward expression of his ferocious nature. Guardian, warrior, ambassador--Sand King is all of these things, inseparable from the endless desert that gave him life."
"npc_dota_hero_nevermore_bio"	"据说影魔奈文摩尔有着一个诗人的灵魂，事实上，他吞噬的诗人灵魂早已成千上万。千百年来，他收集了各式各样的灵魂，包括诗人，牧师，帝王，乞丐，奴隶，哲人，罪犯，当然，还有英雄。他拥有着世间所有种类的灵魂。然而没人知道他收集这些灵魂作何之用。从来没有人得以窥视影魔的魂渊之秘，他从魂渊中伸出灵魂触须，蔓延在精神位面。他是把灵魂一个个吞噬了？还是把灵魂堆积在他的影惧神殿里？又或是将灵魂浸在死灵之池中？难道他仅仅是一个被恶魔傀儡大师操纵着，通过位面裂口进入世界的傀儡？尽管众说纷纭，但根本没有人能看透他那黑暗光环下的层层邪恶。然而，如果你实在是很想知道那些灵魂的归宿，有个办法能帮你达成心愿：凡人，将你的灵魂奉献给影魔，或者等待魔王的收割！"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_nevermore_bio"	"It is said that Nevermore the Shadow Fiend has the soul of a poet, and in fact he has thousands of them. Over the ages he has claimed the souls of poets, priests, emperors, beggars, slaves, philosophers, criminals and (naturally) heroes; no sort of soul escapes him. What he does with them is unknown. No one has ever peered into the Abysm whence Nevermore reaches out like an eel from among astral rocks. Does he devour them one after another? Does he mount them along the halls of an eldritch temple, or pickle the souls in necromantic brine? Is he merely a puppet, pushed through the dimensional rift by a demonic puppeteer? Such is his evil, so intense his aura of darkness, that no rational mind may penetrate it. Of course, if you really want to know where the stolen souls go, there's one sure way to find out: Add your soul to his collection. Or just wait for Nevermore."
"npc_dota_hero_sven_bio"	"斯温是一名守夜骑士的私生子，身怀苍白南海人的血统，在影承废墟长大。他父亲因为违背了守夜人法典而被处决，母亲又因为她的种族而被驱逐，这一切让斯温坚信所谓的社会法则中毫无荣誉可言——荣誉只存在于他心中。在照顾母亲走过弥留之际以后，他以新人的身份参加了守夜骑士团，并对自己的身份绝对保密。十三年来，他一直在他父亲当年的学校里学习，掌握那些仇视他出身的人所撰写的法则。接着，在他本该立誓成为守夜骑士的那天，他手持弃誓之刃，击碎神圣之盔，用守夜圣火烧毁了那所谓的法则。他大步流星的从守夜堡离开，注定了永世孤独，并向圣符起誓，只遵循他自己心中的法则。是的，他仍然是一名骑士，一名剑客，不过是...流浪剑客。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_sven_bio"	"Sven is the bastard son of a Vigil Knight, born of a Pallid Meranth, raised in the Shadeshore Ruins.  With his father executed for violating the Vigil Codex, and his mother shunned by her wild race, Sven believes that honor is to be found in no social order, but only in himself.  After tending his mother through a lingering death, he offered himself as a novice to the Vigil Knights, never revealing his identity.  For thirteen years he studied in his father's school, mastering the rigid code that declared his existence an abomination.  Then, on the day that should have been his In-Swearing, he seized the Outcast Blade, shattered the Sacred Helm, and burned the Codex in the Vigil's Holy Flame.  He strode from Vigil Keep, forever solitary, following his private code to the last strict rune. Still a knight, yes...but a Rogue Knight. He answers only to himself."
"npc_dota_hero_phantom_assassin_bio"	"通过占卜和预见，魅影之纱一直严格的甄选一些婴儿来抚养成人，成为她们的刺客。这是一个将刺杀视作神圣的自然法则的女刺客同盟。魅影之纱通过冥想和神谕来确定他们的暗杀目标。她们并不接受契约，也从不因为政治斗争或者金钱利益出手。她们的刺杀完全没有时间规律，似乎是随性为之：不管目标是执掌大权，还是耕田放牧，对她们来说并没有任何差别。即使这些刺杀行为有一个固定的套路，那也是只有组织成员才知道。目标在她们眼中都是牺牲品，而丧命于她们手中则是莫大的荣耀。作为幻影刺客，她们只有组织所赋予的身份，而任何一个幻影刺客都能填补另一个的空缺；她们甚至连代号都不为人知。也许成员有很多，也许只有几个。那谜样面纱之下的真相无人知晓。只有一个，在四下无人之时，那面纱会时不时的被隐秘低语所拂动，低语中，是她自己的名字：茉崔蒂。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_phantom_assassin_bio"	"Through a process of divination, children are selected for upbringing by the Sisters of the Veil, an order that considers assassination a sacred part of the natural order.  The Veiled Sisters identify targets through meditation and oracular utterances.  They accept no contracts, and never seem to pursue targets for political or mercenary reasons. Their killings bear no relation to any recognizable agenda, and can seem to be completely random:  A figure of great power is no more likely to be eliminated than a peasant or a well digger. Whatever pattern the killings may contain, it is known only to them. They treat their victims as sacrifices, and death at their hand is considered an honor. Raised with no identity except that of their order, any Phantom Assassin can take the place of any other; their number is not known. Perhaps there are many, perhaps there are few. Nothing is known of what lies under the Phantom Veil. Except that this one, from time to time, when none are near enough to hear, is known to stir her veils with the forbidden whisper of her own name: Mortred."
"npc_dota_hero_skeleton_king_bio"	"奥斯塔里昂大帝那建造在敌人骸骨上的庞大帝国已经屹立了无数个年头了，他对自己的统治有着无尽的狂热，希望自己的集权统治能够永生不灭。他坚信，只要自己宫殿里的的白骨高塔建成，他就将万古不朽。然后他最终还是意识到自己这一想法的荒谬...白骨也会腐坏。出于对血肉之躯的不屑，他找到了一个更为长久的办法来维持自己的统治，冥魂之力，一种在某些黑暗生物死亡时释放出的纯粹的精神力量。出于国王的骄傲，在计划将冥魂精华灌入自己体内时，他认为最好自己也能拥有一副光耀不灭的躯体。在千年一遇的至日，冥魂之夜那一天，他启动了仪式，命令他的手下收集足够多的灵魂来完成他自己的不朽。王上终不朽，将士万骨枯。现在，冥魂大帝已不再迷恋他那闪光的王座——他拔出自己的巨剑外出征伐，被他征服的人，要献上自己无惧死亡的绝对忠诚。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_skeleton_king_bio"	"For untold years, King Ostarion built a kingdom from the remains of his enemies. It was an obsessive's errand, done to pass the long eternities of a monarchy that seemed fated never to end. He believed that as long as he built up the towers of his palace, he could not die. But eventually he learned that he had been deluded... that bone itself could perish. Deeply mistrustful of flesh, he sought a more permanent way of extending his reign, and at last settled on pursuit of wraith energy, a form of pure spirit given off by certain dark souls at death. Should he infuse himself with Wraith Essence, he thought he might create a body as luminous and eternal as his ego. On the millennial solstice known as Wraith-Night, he submitted to a rite of transformation, compelling his subjects to harvest enough souls to fuel his ambition for immortality. No one knows how many of his champions died, for the only survivor who mattered was the Wraith King who rose with the sun on the following morn. Now he rarely spends a moment on his glowing throne--but strides out with sword drawn, demanding a fealty that extends far beyond death. "
"npc_dota_hero_drow_ranger_bio"	"卓尔游侠名叫崔希丝，这个名字很适合矮小、有点像侏儒、令人生厌的卓尔人。但崔希丝并不是卓尔人。她的双亲在坐大篷车旅行时受到土匪的袭击，滥杀无辜的土匪激怒了附近爱好和平的卓尔人。战斗结束后，卓尔人发现了一个藏在马车残骸中的小女孩，他们一致同意不能让这个失去父母的孩子被抛弃。还是孩童时，崔希丝就展现出了她对那些卓尔人引以为傲的技术的天赋：隐秘、沉默、敏锐。如果不看身体，在精神上她就像一个被拐走后又回到自己真正家中的卓尔人孩童。但随着她的成长，她的个头比她的家人高了不少，她因此认为自己是个丑陋的卓尔人。即使她皮肤光滑且长的匀称，完全没有卓尔人的肉疣和粗糙的髯须。与收养她的部族疏远后，她独自居住在森林中。许多在森林中寻路的旅行者都说他们见过一个美丽得难以置信的游侠在树林深处凝视他们，而当他们试图接近时，她又消失的无影无踪。轻盈、隐秘的冷美人，她像无声的迷雾般移动。你听到的森林低语，其实是她命中敌人心脏的霜冻箭矢的破空之声。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_drow_ranger_bio"	"Drow Ranger's given name is Traxex--a name well suited to the short, trollish, rather repulsive Drow people. But Traxex herself is not a Drow. Her parents were travelers in a caravan set upon by bandits, whose noisy slaughter of innocents roused the ire of the quiet Drow people. After the battle settled, the Drow discovered a small girl-child hiding in the ruined wagons, and agreed she could not be abandoned. Even as child, Traxex showed herself naturally adept at the arts they prized: Stealth, silence, subtlety. In spirit, if not in physique, she might have been a Drow changeling, returned to her proper home. But as she grew, she towered above her family and came to think of herself as ugly. After all,  her features were smooth and symmetrical, entirely devoid of warts and coarse whiskers. Estranged from her adopted tribe, she withdrew to live alone in the woods. Lost travelers who find their way from the forest sometimes speak of an impossibly beautiful Ranger who peered at them from deep among the trees, then vanished like a dream before they could approach. Lithe and stealthy, icy hot, she moves like mist in silence. That whispering you hear is her frozen arrows finding an enemy's heart. "
"npc_dota_hero_morphling_bio"	"在那黑暗的年代里，有一颗彗星一直绕着天体运动着。被太阳束缚，又被地心引力拉扯，这颗巨大的冰球在世界之间的黑暗缝隙中穿行着，其自身也被这段黑暗的旅途改变着。在乌洛伊战争的前夜，它刺破天穹，轰然坠地，并散发出了一丝奇异的光芒，点亮了黑夜——战争的双方都认为这是一个征兆。这个冰球在沸腾的燥热中融化了，在战争中双方踏入分界河的时候，它融合了双方的力量。旋即冰封解除，变体精灵在战争中横空出世，拥有海洋潮汐之力的元素，反复无常，变化多端。他加入了战斗，在一瞬间就复制了一方的将军的形态，然后杀死了他——这个冒失鬼居然想试图穿过分界河。随着那些士兵们一个个死去，变体精灵也将自己的形态一次又一次的转换，吸收着这些奇怪生物的形态——一会是步兵，一会是弓箭手，一会又是骑兵，直到最后一个士兵也死去，变体精灵终于将所有的形态复制完毕。战争算是结束了，而变体精灵的时代，则刚刚开始。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_morphling_bio"	"For dark eons the comet circled. Held in thrall to a distant sun, bound by gravity's inexorable pull, the massive ball of ice careened through the blackness between worlds, made strange by its dark journey. On the eve of the ancient war of the Vloy, it punched down through the sky and lit a glowing trail across the night, a sign both armies took for an omen. The frozen ball melted in a flash of boiling heat, as below two forces enjoined in battle across the border of a narrow river. Thus freed from its icy stasis, the Morphling was born into conflict, an elemental power at one with the tides of the ocean, capricious and unconstrained. He entered the fight, instinctively taking the form of the first general who dared set foot across the water, and then struck him dead. As the motley warriors clashed, he shifted from form to form throughout the battle, instantly absorbing the ways of these strange creatures--now a footsoldier, now an archer, now the cavalryman--until, by the time the last soldier fell, Morphling had played every part. The battle's end was his beginning."
"npc_dota_hero_bloodseeker_bio"	"血魔史德利古尔是通过仪式严格甄选出的猎手，更准确的说，他是剥皮双子忠实的走狗，他从常年云雾缭绕的噬血之峰被派下去搜寻鲜血。剥皮双子需要海量的鲜血来获得满足和安抚，而如果当地的祭祀没能满足他们，他们就会抽干这个高原王国所有人民的鲜血。因此史德利古尔总是外出进行屠戮。他能榨取出血液之中的生命之力，然后这些能量通过他武器和护甲上的附魔标记立刻流向双子。多年以来，他一直是一条得力的走狗，在战斗时他像豺狼一样残暴。据说，在血魔那涌动着对鲜血的渴望的面具之下，能够直视剥皮双子那可怖的嘴脸。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_bloodseeker_bio"	"Strygwyr the Bloodseeker is a ritually sanctioned hunter, Hound of the Flayed Twins, sent down from the mist-shrouded peaks of Xhacatocatl in search of blood. The Flayed Ones require oceanic amounts of blood to keep them sated and placated, and would soon drain their mountain empire of its populace if the priests of the high plateaus did not appease them. Strygwyr therefore goes out in search of carnage. The vital energy of any blood he lets, flows immediately to the Twins through the sacred markings on his weapons and armor. Over the years, he has come to embody the energy of a vicious hound; in battle he is savage as a jackal. Beneath the Mask of the Bloodseeker, in the rush of bloody quenching, it is said that you can sometime see the features of the Flayers taking direct possession of their Hound."
"npc_dota_hero_axe_bio"	"作为红雾军团的一名步兵，蒙哥可汗的目标是成为红雾军团的将军。在一场又一场的战斗中，他用血腥的战果证明了自己的价值。他毫不犹豫杀死上级的行为帮助他完成了晋升。在长达七年的千湖之境战役中，他用光荣的杀戮给自己带来了荣誉，他的声望比从前更耀眼了，但他身边的战友也在一个个地减少。在最终战胜的夜晚，蒙哥可汗宣布他为红雾军团的新将军，并冠以自身“斧王”的头衔。但他的军队却只有他一人，虽然许多人是战死的，但更多人则是死在斧王的刃下。不用说，现在大多数战士都不想由他领导。但这对斧王来说不算什么，因为他的军队只需要他一个人就够了。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_axe_bio"	"As a grunt in the Army of Red Mist, Mogul Khan set his sights on the rank of Red Mist General. In battle after battle he proved his worth through gory deed. His rise through the ranks was helped by the fact that he never hesitated to decapitate a superior. Through the seven year Campaign of the Thousand Tarns, he distinguished himself in glorious carnage, his star of fame shining ever brighter, while the number of comrades in arms steadily dwindled. On the night of ultimate victory, Axe declared himself the new Red Mist General, and took on the ultimate title of 'Axe.' But his troops now numbered zero. Of course, many had died in battle, but a significant number had also fallen to Axe's blade. Needless to say, most soldiers now shun his leadership. But this matters not a whit to Axe, who knows that a one-man army is by far the best."
"npc_dota_hero_phantom_lancer_bio"	"遥远的极地村庄对于王国中心地带肆虐的战火一无所知。对于那里的村民们来说，用长矛刺鱼、一家人聚餐就是生活的全部。但是战争还是到来了。征兵令传来后，出身卑微的长矛手阿兹瑞斯作为一个身体健全的士兵，加入了军队，宣誓给王国带来和平，这样做也是为了给他的村庄带来和平。他和他的族人在对抗恐怖巫师沃恩的最终进攻中被安排为前锋，这使他们付出了几乎全灭的代价。当前锋队一路战斗到敌人的堡垒下时，长矛手的族人已经只剩阿兹瑞斯一个人了，他作为最后一人，成功地潜入了巫师的城堡。族人的死激怒了阿兹瑞斯，他闯过了巫师设置的每一个死亡陷阱，打败了所有巫师召唤的幻象守卫。很快，这个出身低微的渔夫抵达了沃恩的高塔圣所。两人激战了一整晚，长矛和法杖的对决掀起了狂怒的混沌，最终在一声震耳欲聋的嘶吼中，阿兹瑞斯的长矛刺穿了巫师的身体。但是巫师并没有单纯的死去；他爆裂成无数光影的碎片，以巨大的力量穿透了杀死他的阿兹瑞斯。尘埃落定，战斗激起的烟雾散去后，阿兹瑞斯发现他站在一群他的族人之中。每个人都穿的和他一样，每个人都拿着和他一样的武器，而且他能感觉到每个人都和他在进行同样的思考。意识到王国军在接近，阿兹瑞斯希望这些幻影赶快藏起来，于是他们就一个接一个遁入了虚无。士兵们到达塔顶后发现巫师已经被阿兹瑞斯打倒了。当他们靠近这位战士时，长矛手突然消失了。刚才站在他们面前的长矛手只是一个幻影而已。真正的阿兹瑞斯早已逃离了战场，为他的怒火而羞愧，为他失去的同胞而痛心，他坚定了要用今后的战斗为村人带来和平的决心。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_phantom_lancer_bio"	"The remote village of Pole had no knowledge of the wars raging in the heart of the kingdom. For them, the quiet of spear fishing, and a family meal were all that a full life required. Yet war came for them nonetheless. Joining the able-bodied conscripts as they filed passed their homes, the humble lancer Azwraith vowed to bring peace to his kingdom, and in so doing, his people. Placed with his kin in the vanguard of the final assault against the Dread Magus Vorn, the cost to his fellows was absolute. As the charging force battled toward the fortress, Azwraith alone among his kind remained standing, and he alone was able to infiltrate the keep. Focused and infuriated by the slaughter of his brothers, Azwraith bested each of the wizard's deadly traps and conjured guardians. Soon the simple fisherman arrived at Vorn's tower sanctum. The pair dueled through the night, pike to staff, as chaos raged below, and with a deafening cry Azwraith pierced his enemy. But the wizard did not simply expire; he exploded into uncountable shards of light, penetrating his killer with power. As the dust settled and the smoke of combat began to clear, Azwraith found himself standing among a throng of his kin. Each seemed to be dressed as he was, each seemed armed as he was, and he could sense that each thought as he did. Aware that his allies were approaching, he willed these phantoms to hide themselves, and one by one they began to vanish into nothingness. As the soldiers came upon the sanctum, they found the warrior that had bested the wizard. When they approached their champion, the lancer vanished. The pikeman who had stood before them was no more than another phantom."
"npc_dota_hero_razor_bio"	"闪电幽魂-剃刀，是永劫之墟中最有代表性的可怕力量。他鞭打着闪电巡回在狭窄迷宫中，这是一个区分死者灵魂的迷宫，他们要靠生前的智慧、精明和毅力来通过其中变化莫测的网络通道。剃刀飘浮于迷宫上方，俯视着那些迷茫不前的灵魂，用闪电鞭打他们赶快前进去决定他们的命运，朝向光明的出口或者黑暗的地狱。剃刀是支配力量的永恒化身，他使用力量时残忍而客观。但他贵族般的气势暗示了他对工作那讽刺的满足。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_razor_bio"	"Among the emblematic powers that populate the Underscape, Razor the Lightning Revenant is one of the most feared. With his whip of lightning, he patrols the Narrow Maze, that treacherous webwork of passages by which the souls of the dead are sorted according to their own innate intelligence, cunning and persistence. Drifting above the Maze, Razor looks down on the baffled souls below, and delivers jolts of scalding electricity that both punish and quicken the souls as they decide their own fates, hurrying on toward luminous exits or endlessly dark pits. Razor is the eternal embodiment of a dominating power, abstract and almost clinical in his application of power. Yet he has a lordly air that suggests he takes a sardonic satisfaction in his work."
"npc_dota_hero_storm_spirit_bio"	"风暴之灵，正如其名，是狂风和暴雨的野性凝成人形的自然之力。他狂放，乐天，恣意挥洒！就像个受人喜爱的大叔一样，他给所到之处充满欢乐的能量。但事实上，创造出他的是一起灾难。几个世代前，在悲叹山脉远处的平原上，很多人正因干旱和饥荒而挨饿。一个名叫风暴烈酒的元素使，使用禁忌的咒语召唤了风暴之灵，天真的向他祈求雨水。被称为雷神的暴风雨天神对这个凡人的放肆感到愤怒，打算用狂风和洪水把这片土地化为荒地。风暴烈酒完全不是天神的对手，直到最后他用了一个自杀性的咒语，将他和雷神的命运融在了一起，他用自己的身体作为牢笼捕获了雷神。被困在一起后，风暴烈酒那无限的幽默感与雷神疯狂的能量融合了，创造了乐天的雷神·风暴烈酒，一个以物质形态行于世间的天神。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_storm_spirit_bio"	"Storm Spirit is literally a force of nature--the wild power of wind and weather, bottled in human form. And a boisterous, jovial, irrepressible form it is! As jolly as a favorite uncle, he injects every scene with crackling energy. But it was not always thus, and there was tragedy in his creation. Generations ago, in the plains beyond the Wailing Mountains, a good people lay starving in drought and famine. A simple elementalist, Thunderkeg by name, used a forbidden spell to summon the spirit of the storm, asking for rain. Enraged at this mortal's presumption, the Storm Celestial known as Raijin lay waste to the land, scouring it bare with winds and flood. Thunderkeg was no match for the Celestial--at least until he cast a suicidal spell that forged their fates into one: he captured the Celestial in the cage of his own body. Trapped together, Thunderkeg's boundless good humor fused with Raijin's crazed energy, creating the jovial Raijin Thunderkeg, a Celestial who walks the world in physical form. "
"npc_dota_hero_crystal_maiden_bio"	"水晶室女莉莱出生在一个气候温和的地区，与性子火爆的姐姐莉娜一起长大，她很快就发现她天生对冰元素的吸引力给周围所有人制造了麻烦。只要她在附近坐下休息，井水和山泉瞬间就会被冻住；成熟的庄稼被寒霜冻伤，果园变成了冰的迷宫，然后垮塌损毁。当他们无奈的父母把莉娜送到南方后，又把莉莱流放到了寒冷北方的冰川残骸，一个隐居在蓝心冰川顶峰的寒冰巫师收留了她。经过长期的学习后，巫师认为莉莱已经能够独立的修习冰冻魔法了，于是他便降入冰川内开始千年的冬眠。从那以后，莉莱的冰冻法术变的愈发精湛，而现在，她的魔法已无可匹敌。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_crystal_maiden_bio"	"Born in a temperate realm, raised with her fiery older sister Lina, Rylai the Crystal Maiden soon found that her innate elemental affinity to ice created trouble for all those around her. Wellsprings and mountain rivers froze in moments if she stopped to rest nearby; ripening crops were bitten by frost, and fruiting orchards turned to mazes of ice and came crashing down, spoiled. When their exasperated parents packed Lina off to the equator, Rylai found herself banished to the cold northern realm of Icewrack, where she was taken in by an Ice Wizard who had carved himself a hermitage at the crown of the Blueheart Glacier. After long study, the wizard pronounced her ready for solitary practice and left her to take his place, descending into the glacier to hibernate for a thousand years. Her mastery of the Frozen Arts has only deepened since that time, and now her skills are unmatched."
"npc_dota_hero_kunkka_bio"	"昆卡，铁帆海军的舰队统帅，在洪流恶魔现身于人类的土地时，担负起守卫他祖国诸岛的使命。恶魔经过多年的小规模突击后，他们的出击越来越大胆，也更具毁灭性，他们的舰队终于包围了战栗之岛。绝望之下，铁帆舰队的魔法师使用了自杀性的终极杀招，召唤了一群先祖灵魂来保护舰队。这刚好能够扭转与恶魔对峙的局势。昆卡看着他的战舰一艘接一艘被击沉的同时，他也很欣慰的看见先祖在慢慢消耗掉恶魔的舰队。但在战斗最激烈的时候，人类、恶魔、先祖灵魂的大战惹恼了沉睡在深海的第四股势力。残留不多的舰队旁喷出了高耸的海浪，深渊触手——麦尔朗恩在战场中出现了。他的触须在船只间移动，把人类和恶魔的舰船拖卷在一起，水和风被搅动成狂怒的混沌。没有人能说清那场严酷的风暴中到底发生了什么。洪流恶魔放弃了进攻，怒吼着逃入了虚空。而统帅昆卡的麾下只剩下一艘战舰，一艘不断重演它最终毁灭场面的幽灵船。然而谁都说不准他是否还活着。即使是麦尔朗恩的召唤者潮汐猎人，也不能确定。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_kunkka_bio"	"As The Admiral of the mighty Claddish Navy, Kunkka was charged with protecting the isles of his homeland when the demons of the Cataract made a concerted grab at the lands of men. After years of small sorties, and increasingly bold and devastating attacks, the demon fleet flung all its carnivorous ships at the Trembling Isle. Desperate, the Suicide-Mages of Cladd committed their ultimate rite, summoning a host of ancestral spirits to protect the fleet. Against the demons, this was just barely enough to turn the tide. As Kunkka watched the demons take his ships down one by one, he had the satisfaction of wearing away their fleet with his ancestral magic. But at the battle's peak, something in the clash of demons, men and atavistic spirits must have stirred a fourth power that had been slumbering in the depths. The waves rose up in towering spouts around the few remaining ships, and Maelrawn the Tentacular appeared amid the fray. His tendrils wove among the ships, drawing demon and human craft together, churning the water and wind into a raging chaos. What happened in the crucible of that storm, none may truly say. The Cataract roars off into the void, deserted by its former denizens. Kunkka is now The Admiral of but one ship, a ghostly rig which endlessly replays the final seconds of its destruction. Whether he died in that crash is anyone's guess. Not even Tidehunter, who summoned Maelrawn, knows for sure."
"npc_dota_hero_warlock_bio"	"作为秘湮学院禁断圣所的首席馆长和馆藏物主管，戴蒙·拉尼克不知疲倦地追求着那些罕见的失落的禁忌卷轴。无论被诅咒的寺庙有多禁忌，无论隐藏洞穴的路途有多危险，只要有谣传说那里藏着传说学识的原典，他就会不顾自己的安危进入这些危险的场所。然而，他经常在调查中惹怒各种守护者，这使他感到有必要掌握魔法。他将追寻古物时的执念用在了逼迫自己学习魔法上，最终他比大多数学徒都要快地完成了整个学业，在最短时间内成为了学院最强大的术士。后来他用恐惧之木雕刻了一根法杖，并在其中注入了一个他从异界之狱俘获的灵魂。因为期待着有一天能够复原所有的失落魔法书，他开始撰写自己的黑暗魔典。毫无疑问，这对他的黑暗魔法来说，意义非凡。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_warlock_bio"	"As Chief Curator and Head of Acquisitions for the Arcane Archives of the Ultimyr Academy, Demnok Lannik was tireless in his pursuit of lost, rare and forbidden tomes. No cursed temple was so foreboding, no cavern path so treacherous, that any concern for his own survival could dissuade him from entering if rumors hinted that some pamphlet of primordial lore might still survive in its depths. However, so often did his investigations trigger the wrath of protector entities, that he finally found it necessary to master the arts of magic. He bent himself to learning sorcery with the same thorough obsessiveness that marked his quest for incunabula, becoming the most powerful Warlock of the Academy in less time than most practitioners required to complete a course of undergraduate work. Almost as an afterthought, he carved a staff of Dreadwood and summoned into it a captive spirit from the Outer Hells. And anticipating the day when he will have recovered every last lost spellbook, he has commenced writing his own Black Grimoire. It will undoubtedly be instructive."
"npc_dota_hero_zuus_bio"	"天界之王，众神之父，宙斯对待英雄一向视如己出。然而在无数次与凡间的女性幽会时当场被抓后，宙斯接到了妻子给他下的最后通牒：“既然你这么喜欢凡人，就去当凡人吧。如果你能证明的忠诚，就回来做我永生的丈夫。不然的话，就去和你的创造物一起去死吧。”宙斯无奈的发现她的逻辑（和她的魔法）无懈可击，只好照她说的去做。从那以后宙斯洗心革面，在凡人面前不再多情，将爱留给他永生的女神。但为了证明他配得上永恒的爱妻，他必须在战场上，大获全胜。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_zuus_bio"	"Lord of Heaven, father of gods, Zeus treats all the Heroes as if they are his rambunctious, rebellious children. After being caught unnumbered times in the midst of trysts with countless mortal women, his divine wife finally gave him an ultimatum: 'If you love mortals so much, go and become one. If you can prove yourself faithful, then return to me as my immortal husband. Otherwise, go and die among your creatures.' Zeus found her logic (and her magic) irrefutable, and agreed to her plan. He has been on his best behavior ever since, being somewhat fonder of immortality than he is of mortals. But to prove himself worthy of his eternal spouse, he must continue to pursue victory on the field of battle."
"npc_dota_hero_tiny_bio"	"以一团石头的形式出现的生命体，小小不断思索他的起源，但这始终是个谜。现在的他是个石巨人，但过去是什么呢？从土傀儡的脚后跟掉落的碎片？从制造石像鬼的工房被打扫出来的碎屑？神圣预言石的表层之砂？受到强烈的好奇心驱使，他不知疲倦的环游世界，寻找着他的起源，他的出身，和他的种族。在旅途中，他变得越来越庞大，不过路上的风雨吹打掉了他身上的石头，所以他不停的吸收新的岩石，永远在长大。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_tiny_bio"	"Coming to life as a chunk of stone, Tiny's origins are a mystery on which he continually speculates.  He is a Stone Giant now, but what did he used to be?  A splinter broken from a Golem's heel?  A shard swept from a gargoyle-sculptor's workshop?  A fragment of the Oracular Visage of Garthos?  A deep curiosity drives him, and he travels the world tirelessly seeking his origins, his parentage, his people.  As he roams, he gathers weight and size; the forces that weather lesser rocks, instead cause Tiny to grow and ever grow."
"npc_dota_hero_puck_bio"	"当别人第一眼看到帕克的时候，都会觉得它十分淘气，是小孩子性格。然而正是这种错觉让帕克的真实个性得以隐藏。仙女龙一族的寿命趋于无限，帕克则还处于仙女龙的幼年形态，然而它在这一形态也已经过了上千年了。因此即使从某种意义上来说，帕克还算是幼年，但它的幼年期将会一直持续到现在的城市归于尘土。帕克的真实动机是什么，旁人完全无法捉摸，而在那嬉戏的外表下也有可能隐藏着更隐秘的目的。而唯一能让人体会到帕克真实个性的，是它对顽皮捣乱的无尽热衷。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_puck_bio"	"While Puck seems at first glance a mischievous, childish character, this quality masks an alien personality. The juvenile form of a Faerie Dragon, a creature that lives for eons, Puck spends countless millennia in its childish form. So while it is technically true that Puck is juvenile, it will continue to be so when the cities of the present age have sloughed away into dust. Its motives are therefore inscrutable, and what appears to be play may in fact hide a darker purpose. Its endless fondness for mischief is the true indicator of Puck's true nature."
"npc_dota_hero_dazzle_bio"	"每一个德尊教团的年轻侍僧在成为暗影牧师前都必须完成一系列的仪式。而仪式的最后一步，则是穿越无比危险的虚无之境，一个只有少数人能活着回来的未知领域。有些人虽然回来了，但却发疯了。还有些回来的人获得了奇怪的能力。但可以肯定的是，所有去了那里的人都被改变了。出于对神圣启示的执着追求，戴泽成为了他部族中最年轻的神圣仪式的追求者。起初，教团拒绝了他，因为他太年轻了。然而戴泽不是那么容易放弃的。教团长老在这位顽固的年轻侍僧身上感到了一些特别的东西，便宽许他进入了教团。最终仪式时，戴泽将神圣药剂一饮而尽后在篝火旁坐下，而他的族人则在一旁跳着祭祀之舞。在虚无之境的虚灵位面中，光明与黑暗的属性被反转了。导致戴泽原本灿烂夺目的治疗之光演变成了包藏凶险的邪恶力量，在那夺目的光辉中隐藏的则是黑暗的行径。不出长老所料：戴泽回来了，成为了一名不世出的暗影牧师，他获得了既可以用来治疗也可以进行破坏的能力。现在，他用他的力量消灭敌人，治愈同伴。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_dazzle_bio"	"Each young acolyte to the Dezun order must complete a series of rites before becoming a shadow priest. The final rite, the rite of shades, is a harrowing spiritual journey through the Nothl Realm, an unpredictable domain from which not all visitants return.  Of those who do, some return mad. Others return with strange aptitudes. But all who go there are changed by their experiences. Driven by the need for enlightenment, Dazzle was the youngest of his tribe ever to request the sacred ritual. At first the order refused him, saying he was too young. But Dazzle was not to be dissuaded. Sensing something special in the headstrong young acolyte, the elders relented. Dazzle drank down the sacred potion and sat by the fire while the rest of his tribe danced through the night. In this ethereal dimension of the Nothl Realm, the properties of light and dark are inverted. Thus his brilliant healing light, beautiful to our eye, is actually a sinister kind of evil; and the darkest deeds are done in a dazzling glow. The elders' intuition was prophetic: Dazzle returned to his people as a Shadow Priest like none seen before, with the power to heal as well as to destroy. Now he uses his gift to cut down his enemies and mend his friends."
"npc_dota_hero_rattletrap_bio"	"瑞托崔普和狙击手以及修补匠属于同一个分布广泛的种族，和其他许多敏感的族人一样，瑞托崔普用他的智慧和一些小玩意弥补了体型上的矮小。作为一个钟表匠的孙子，瑞托崔普在这个行业当了很多年的学徒，直到战争从山的另一边席卷而来，摧毁了这个从事着与战斗无关的行业的无辜村庄。祖先传下来的村庄变成了满是焦火和黑烟的废墟，“你的新行业是战斗”他的父亲临死前留下这样一句话。这个可怜的生意人责备他的工具无法用于战斗，但瑞托崔普从不找借口。在村庄的废墟中埋葬了父亲后，瑞托崔普开始着手将他自己转变为前所未见的最强大的战争道具。他发誓永远不再毫无防备的被抓住，瑞托崔普用他的智慧装配了一套强大的发条动力装甲，这使其它大陆的骑士在他面前就像易拉罐般渺小。现在瑞托崔普全身充满各种装置，小而强大的战士，他埋伏和破坏的技术已经达到了几乎自动化的高效水平。这个死亡工匠的机械可以迅速干掉不够谨慎的敌人，在这个战争时代宣告了新的曙光。是时候让你们见识见识发条技师的厉害了！"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_rattletrap_bio"	"Rattletrap descends from the same far-flung kindred as Sniper and Tinker, and like many of the Keen Folk, has offset his diminutive stature through the application of gadgetry and wit.  The son of the son of a clockmaker, Rattletrap was many years apprenticed to that trade before war rode down from the mountains and swept the plains villages free of such innocent vocations.  \"Your new trade is battle,\" his dying father told him as the village of their ancestors lay in charred and smoking ruins.    
It is a poor tradesman who blames his tools, and Rattletrap was never one to make excuses.  After burying his father among the ruins of their village, he set about to transform himself into the greatest tool of warfare that any world had ever seen. He vowed to never again be caught unprepared, instead using his talents to assemble a suit of powered Clockwerk armor to make the knights of other lands look like tin cans by comparison.  Now Rattletrap is alive with devices, a small but deadly warrior whose skills at ambush and destruction have risen to near-automated levels of efficiency.  An artisan of death, his mechanizations make short work of the unwary, heralding a new dawn in this age of warfare.  What time is it? It's Clockwerk time!"
"npc_dota_hero_lich_bio"	"巫妖生前是一位叫艾斯瑞安的冰霜法师，他曾经威胁要带来毁灭性的冰霜，企图征服整个王国。终于，那些平民在几个绝望的魔法师的帮助下，终于鼓起了勇气去暗算他。他们用一些具有足够魔力的绳索把他永远束缚住了，被绑上了厚重的石头后，这个冰霜巫师被扔进了一个据说深不见底的湖泊。但其实不然。他只下沉了一年左右，绳索挂在了一个石头上。在那里他平静地死去，虽然死了但并没有腐烂，直到风水师安希尔前来核查被认为是无底湖的黑暗之湖的传说。安希尔放下的铅垂线与绑住被淹死的巫师的绳索缠在了一起，于是他拉上了意外的收获。他认为将死者转变为不死族后，便可以向巫妖询问这个湖的情况，他移除了捆绑巫妖的绳索并进行了简单的转生仪式。由于艾斯瑞安的故事已经被时间所抹去，就算是当年杀死他的人的后代也不再记得，所以当时没有人能对安希尔的鲁莽行为做出警告。不过紧接着，安希尔就尝到了苦果，巫妖一摆脱绳索的束缚，就将他吞噬。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lich_bio"	"In life, the frost-mage Ethreain (not yet a Lich) had used the threat of destructive ice to enslave entire kingdoms. His subjects, aided by a few desperate magicians, eventually grew bold enough to ambush him. Armed with enough charmed rope to bind him forever, they tied the frost mage to adamant weights and dropped him in a pool known chiefly for being bottomless. It wasn't. He only fell for a year or so before an outcrop snagged him. There he rested, dead but undecaying, until the geomancer Anhil thought to verify the legend of the supposedly bottomless Black Pool. Anhil's plumbline snarled with the ropes that bound the drowned magician, and up he hauled an unexpected prize. Thinking that by rendering the dead undead, he could question the Lich about the properties of the pool, he removed the bindings and commenced a simple rite of resurrection. Even the descendants of Ethreain's enemies were long forgotten by time, so there were none to warn Anhil against imprudence. But he learned the error of his judgment almost immediately, as Lich threw off the shackles and consumed him."
"npc_dota_hero_tidehunter_bio"	"人称利维坦的潮汐猎人曾经是沉没之岛的竞技大师，他的行为方式和他的同胞们一样神秘莫测。陆地居民都知道海上航线的重要性，帝国的崛起和衰亡都取决于谁掌控了公海。相比之下，海底航线和南海流民的敌对部族如何通过无数次小规模海底战斗开辟家园的故事，则鲜为人知。在南海人和陆地人那脆弱的协议中，我们可以瞥见这个海底王国的规模，不过他们的政体则显得十分复杂和不透明。利维坦似乎厌倦了这些琐碎的小冲突，便独自离开了，只效忠于他的深海之神-深渊触手麦尔朗恩。现在他在浅滩上独自游弋，寻找路上遇到的人类或者南海人，他对他的宿敌-舰队统帅昆卡有着一种独特的厌恶，然而他们为何成为敌人，已经和当年的激烈海战一起被遗忘了。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_tidehunter_bio"	"The Tidehunter known as Leviathan was once the champion of the Sunken Isles, but his motives are as mysterious as those of his people. We all know the importance of the Drylanders' shipping lanes, how empires may rise and fall according to who controls the open water. Far less is known of the submarine lanes, and how the warring tribes of the Meranthic Diaspora have carved out habitations through endless undersea skirmishes. In the fragile treaties between the Mer and Men, we can glimpse the extent of the drowned empires, but their politics appear complex and opaque. It would seem that Leviathan tired of such petty strife, and set off on his own, loyal only to his abyssal god, Maelrawn the Tentacular. He stalks the shallows now in search of men or meranths who stray into his path, and with a particular loathing for Admiral Kunkka, who has long been his nemesis for reasons lost in the deepest trenches of the sea."
"npc_dota_hero_shadow_shaman_bio"	"罗斯塔出生于流血丘陵，这个当时正挨饿的年轻人结识了一个旅行中的骗子。只要给两枚铜钱，这个老骗子就会为你算命。给三个就会帮你阉猪，给五个还能帮你儿子做割礼。给一顿美餐，他就会穿上他的萨满装束，从他的古书里念出咒语，诅咒你的敌人。他身边那奇怪的年轻人，部分是丘陵巨魔血统，部分是...其它某些东西，作为他的助手，为他的把戏增添了一丝异国情调。总是在受骗的客人发现前开溜，总是甩开追捕他们的客人一座城镇的距离，两人艰苦跋涉穿越毁灭的大陆，直到有一天，骗子发现这个年轻人可以真的做出那些他一直假装在做的事情。他的守卫具有一种能力，一种会吸引客人的能力。于是年轻的罗斯塔就被推上了场，暗影萨满的艺名诞生了。两人继续在城镇之间旅行，用魔术赚钱的同时，暗影萨满的名声也越来越响亮。最终，两人行骗的过去暴露了，中了一群从前被他们诈骗的客人所设下的埋伏。老骗子被杀死了，罗斯塔第一次使用了他的黑暗力量，屠杀了攻击者。罗斯塔埋葬了他挚爱的主人，现在他用他的力量消灭任何企图伤害他的人。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_shadow_shaman_bio"	"Born in the Bleeding Hills, Rhasta was just a starving youngling when picked up by a travelling con-man.  For two pins of copper, the old con-man would tell your fortune. For three, he'd castrate your pig, for five, he'd circumcise your sons. For a good meal, he'd don his shaman garb, read from his ancient books, and lay a curse upon your enemies. His strange new youngling, part hill troll, part...something else, worked as assistant and lent an air of the exotic to the con-man's trade. 
Always one step ahead of cheated customers, one town ahead of a pursuing patronage, the two trekked across the blighted lands until one day the con-man realized that the little youngling could actually do what he only pretended at. His ward had a gift--a gift that customers valued. And so the youngling Rhasta was thrust before the crowds, and the trade-name Shadow Shaman was born. The two continued from town to town, conjuring for money as Shadow Shaman's reputation grew. Eventually, the pair's duplicitous past caught up with them, and they were ambushed by a mob of swindled ex-clients. The con-man was slain, and for the first time, Rhasta used his powers for darkness, massacring the attackers. He buried his beloved master, and now uses his powers to destroy any who would seek to do him harm."
"npc_dota_hero_riki_bio"	"力丸是伟大的塔林王朝的二皇子。他有一个将会继承王位的兄长，还有一个受到百般照顾的弟弟，而作为二子的力丸，则似乎生来就是隐形人。他自己很注意培养这一项特殊才能，在一个晚上，国家被叛徒所颠覆，他的家人被屠杀，只有力丸因为隐身技能活了下来。矮小而敏捷的力丸用烟雾做掩护，无比谨慎的逃离了，他也是唯一逃脱的皇族。善于突袭的他杀出了皇家庭院，无声地切开一个又一个敌人的喉咙。不再背负皇室治国之责以后，力丸开始运用他的天赋以谋生，他成为了一名隐形刺客。现在他于无声中将敌人杀死，不断精进自己的技术，期望有一天可以能够手刃那些杀死他家人，夺走他国家的叛徒。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_riki_bio"	"Riki was born middle child to the great dynasty of Tahlin. With an older brother groomed for the throne, and a younger brother coddled and kept, Riki, the small middle son, seemed born for the art of invisibility.  It was an art he cultivated, and one which ultimately saved his life on the night that his people were betrayed and his family slaughtered. Of all the royal line, he alone escaped, small and agile, unassuming, using smoke as cover. He cut his way out of the royal grounds, using the advantage of surprise, quietly slitting the throats of one enemy warrior after another. Now free of his royal responsibilities, Riki uses his talents in service to a new trade: Stealth Assassin. He silences his enemies, sharpening his skills, hoping to one day take revenge on those who killed his family and robbed him of his birthright."
"npc_dota_hero_enigma_bio"	"谜团的背景正如同其名字一样，无人知晓。只有一些流传下来的故事和传说，但大多数都不可信。事实上，关于谜团的各种故事，都只是寥寥的描述，神秘无比：他是宇宙之力，世界的吞噬者。他是虚空中的存在，有时会以物质形态出现，其它时候则以非物质形态存在。他是同时存在于多个位面的生物。在有的传说中，他曾经是一个试图解开宇宙之谜的伟大炼金术士，但最后却因为自己的傲慢而受到诅咒。在其它传说中，他来自远古，是一种不可思议的重力生命体，是来自原始黑暗的扭曲声音，在宇宙中的第一丝光线诞生前就存在的深渊化身。还有更古老的传说，说他是第一颗崩塌的恒星，产生的黑洞变成了有知觉的复杂存在，他的动机无从得知，他的力量无法阻挡，他的存在就是毁灭之力本身。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_enigma_bio"	"Nothing is known of Enigma's background. There are only stories and legends, most of them apocryphal, passed down through the ages. In truth, Enigma is a mystery for whom the only true biography is description: he is a universal force, a consumer of worlds. He is a being of the void, at times corporeal, other times ethereal. A beast between the planes. 
There are stories that say he was once a great alchemist who tried to unlock the secrets of the universe and was cursed for his arrogance. Other legends tell that he is an ancient being of strange gravity, the abyss personified--a twisted voice from out the original darkness, before the first light in the universe. And there are older legends that say he is the first collapsed star, a black hole grown complicated and sentient--his motivations unknowable, his power inexorable, a force of destruction unleashed upon existence itself."
"npc_dota_hero_tinker_bio"	"修补匠鲍什的矮小种族以他们独有的智慧、狡猾以及敌视魔法而闻名。出于自傲，他们完全凭借自己的智慧生存，只通过理性的科学方法来合理利用自然的力量。然而，即使是对魔法如此严令禁止，也给他们带来了很多麻烦，这一点鲍什深有体会。作为曾经的自然法则首席研究员，修补匠鲍什在传说中薄雾缭绕的紫罗兰高原建立了一座地下实验室，在那里领导了大量对自然运作规律的研究。出于对魔法师们给世界带来的伤害的鄙夷，鲍什和他的修补匠助手带着高傲，打开了一扇传送门，门的另一端是一个超越了凡人认知能力的国度，于是他们自食恶果。黑色的薄雾从紫罗兰高原的洞穴内升起，将高原覆盖在不断散发出恐怖声音的永恒黑暗中。机智的鲍什带着他的机关装置逃了出来，成了紫罗兰高原事故中唯一生还的修补匠。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_tinker_bio"	"Boush the Tinker's diminutive race is known for its intelligence, its cunning, and its prickly relationship with magic. As a matter of pride, they survive by their wits, and use only those powers of nature that may be unlocked through rational methodologies. Even this forbearance has led to a great deal of trouble, as Boush can attest. Once a key investigator of natural law, Boush the Tinker led a vast intellectual investigation into the workings of nature, founding a subterranean laboratory in the rumored, mist-wreathed wastes of the Violet Plateau. While scorning mages for the dangers they visit upon the world, Boush and his Tinker associates haughtily wrenched open a portal to some realm beyond comprehension and ushered in some nightmares of their own. A black mist rose from the cavernous interior of the Violet Plateau, shrouding it in permanent darkness from which sounds of horror perpetually emanate. Boush escaped with only his wits and the contraptions he carried, the sole Tinker to survive the Violet Plateau Incident. "
"npc_dota_hero_sniper_bio"	"卡德尔·鹰眼出生在诺伦山脉的山谷中，这里的住民从太古以来就靠猎杀居住在村庄上方悬崖上的一种奇怪生物为生，他们从远距离杀死这种叫峭壁潜行兽的生物，然后收集他们掉下来的尸体。鹰眼是这些怪异住民中其中最棒的射手之一，对他来说，枪械是他身体的一部分，射击就和触摸一样自然。在征召之日，他即将在村庄中获得完全的地位时，他经历了古老的考验：从谷底一击射下一头悬崖上的潜行兽。打空则是耻辱。在全体村民的注视下，鹰眼射击了。一头潜行兽掉下来了；人群欢呼了。但当尸体被收起时，整个村子都沉默了，长老发现子弹穿过了潜行兽中间的眼睛后，紧紧的卡在了它的下颚骨中。这个凶兆正是黑暗预言的开端所描述的，按预言中所说，射出这发子弹的枪手将成为伟大的人，但也将被流放。狙击手鹰眼因此离开了他的人民，被他自己的技术所诅咒，在剩下的预言实现前不得回来，他必须成为战场上的传说。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_sniper_bio"	"Kardel Sharpeye was born deep in the mountains of Knollen where, since time immemorial, Keen Folk have survived by hunting the strange, cliff-dwelling steepstalkers above their village, shooting them from a distance and collecting the carcasses where they fell. Sharpeye was among the best of these strange mountain keens for whom projectile weapons are but another appendage, and to shoot is as natural as to touch.
On his day of summoning, when he was to gain full standing in his village, Sharpeye took the ancient test: a single shot from the valley floor to strike a beast down from the cliffs. To miss was to be dishonored. With his entire village standing vigil, Sharpeye took his shot. A steepstalker fell; the crowd cheered.  But when the carcass was collected, the village grew silent, for the elders found that the bullet had pierced its glittering central eye then fallen to be clenched in the steepstalker's mandibles. This ominous sign was the literal opening of a dark prophecy, foretelling both greatness and exile for the gunman who made such a shot. Sharpeye the Sniper was thus, by his own skill, condemned to make his way apart from his people--and unwelcome back among them until he has fulfilled the remainder of the prophecy by attaining legendary stature on a field of battle."
"npc_dota_hero_necrolyte_bio"	"在瘟疫肆虐时期，罗坦德吉利，内心黑暗的无名僧侣，由于所有上级的暴毙，被提拔为红衣主教。当教团的其他人都外出救援病人时，这个新上任的红衣主教却把他自己关在鲁姆斯克大教堂中，忙着谋夺濒死贵族的财产，他答应他们只要签字转让领土，灵魂便会获得奖赏。瘟疫减退到小部分顽固地区后，他的所作所为被教团注意到了，教团认定他犯下了异端之罪并判处他在瘟疫牢房中服刑，那里的咒语会让他患上一种长期的慢性疾病。教团认为，就算他的免疫力再强，也必死无疑。罗坦德吉利染上了瘟疫，然而他不仅没有病死，还发现这种瘟疫在提供他力量，他变成了真正的瘟疫法师，瘟疫的教皇。正式宣称自己为瘟疫法师后，他开始环游世界，在所到之处散布瘟疫，随着一个个村庄消失在他引起的瘟疫中，他恐怖的力量不断在成长。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_necrolyte_bio"	"In a time of great plague, an obscure monk of dark inclinations, one Rotund'jere, found himself promoted to the rank of Cardinal by the swift death of all his superiors. While others of the order went out to succor the ill, the newly ordained cardinal secluded himself within the Cathedral of Rumusque, busily scheming to acquire the property of dying nobles, promising them spiritual rewards if they signed over their terrestrial domains. As the plague receded to a few stubborn pockets, his behavior came to the attention of the greater order, which found him guilty of heresy and sentenced him to serve in the plague ward, ensorcelled with spells that would ensure him a slow and lingering illness. But they had not counted on his natural immunity. Rotund'jere caught the pox, but instead of dying, found it feeding his power, transforming him into a veritable plague-mage, a Pope of Pestilence. Proclaiming himself Necrophos, he travels the world, spreading plague wherever he goes, and growing in terrible power with every village his pestilential presence obliterates."
"npc_dota_hero_slardar_bio"	"斯拉达是个鱼人，一位深海住民，他守卫着错综复杂的沉没之城和其中埋藏的古老宝藏。在海底深渊那黑暗的海沟中，鱼人守卫在藏有宝物的密室中巡视。陆地上贪婪的巫师们派下去的潜水盗贼正是他防范的对象。他对海洋绝对忠诚，沉默寡言的性格有效的隐藏了海洋最秘密场所的位置。有时他会上浮到浅海侦查，不顾光亮造成的痛苦，确保没人在对深海进行谋划。有时他会无情的追杀那些极少数设法从沉没宝库偷取了一件宝物的家伙。由于斯拉达的一生都生活在深海中，承受着海洋巨大的水压，因此鱼人守卫的力量无比强大。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_slardar_bio"	"Slardar is a Slithereen, one of the Deep Ones, guardian of a vast network of sunken cities and the ancient riches buried within them. In the lightless gulf of the deepest ocean abysses, the Slithereen Guard patrols secret treasure rooms, ever vigilant against the subaqueous thieves sent into the deeps by covetous dryland sorcerers. He is utterly loyal, and his taciturn nature hides deep knowledge of the most secret places of the sea. He rises to the shallows in spite of the pain caused him by brightness, to commit reconnaissance, to make sure no one is conspiring against the depths, and sometimes in relentless pursuit of the rare few who manage to steal off with an item from the Sunken Treasury. Because he has spent his whole life at great pressure, under tremendous weight of the sea, Slardar the Slithereen Guard is a creature of immense power."
"npc_dota_hero_beastmaster_bio"	"卡洛克自出生伊始就被当做兽婴。他的母亲在他出生时就已死去；他的父亲是斯洛姆末代帝王的马蹄铁匠，在他五岁时被马群践踏致死。后来，卡洛克将自己卖到国王的动物园干活，在那里，他和宫廷里面饲养的狮子，猩猩，野鹿以及其他一些很少见的甚至传说中的野兽一起长大。在他七岁那年，一个冒险者带着一只没人见过的野兽来觐见国王。当这只野兽被国王的链条锁住的时候，它说话了，乞求自由，然而它的嘴并没有张开。国王大笑，命令野兽表演助兴，遭到拒绝以后，国王用他的疯狂权杖狠狠的抽打了野兽，并把它关在了兽栏里面。接下来的几个月里，卡洛克每天都给这个受伤的野兽偷偷的带去食物和药物，然而这一切只能减缓野兽的死亡。这只野兽和卡洛克开始了交流，无言的交流，他们之间的情感纽带也随着时间的推移而加深，最后卡洛克发现他竟然能够和宫廷动物园里面的所有动物交流。在那只野兽死去的晚上，卡洛克狂怒无比，他煽动了所有的动物一起反叛，并且将它们的笼子打开，在宫廷广场上大开杀戒。末代帝王在动乱中受伤。在混乱之中，一只皇家雄鹿在这个救了它的男孩面前屈膝，让他以兽王的身份骑上它，带他跃过了堡垒的高墙，逃出生天。现在，兽王卡洛克已经成长为一个男子汉，并且仍然能够自由的和野生动物交谈。他已经成为了拥有自然狂猛野性的战士。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_beastmaster_bio"	"Karroch was born a child of the stocks. His mother died in childbirth; his father, a farrier for the Last King of Slom, was trampled to death when he was five. Afterward Karroch was indentured to the king's menagerie, where he grew up among all the beasts of the royal court: lions, apes, fell-deer, and things less known, things barely believed in. When the lad was seven, an explorer brought in a beast like none before seen. Dragged before the King in chains, the beast spoke, though its mouth moved not. Its words: a plea for freedom. The King only laughed and ordered the beast perform for his amusement; and when it refused, struck it with the Mad Scepter and ordered it dragged to the stocks. 
Over the coming months, the boy Karroch sneaked food and medicinal draughts to the wounded creature, but only managed to slow its deterioration. Wordlessly, the beast spoke to the boy, and over time their bond strengthened until the boy found he could hold up his end of a conversation.  He could, in fact, speak now to all the creatures of the King's menagerie. On the night the beast died, a rage came over the boy.  He incited the animals of the court to rebel and threw open their cages to set them amok on the palace grounds.  The Last King was mauled in the mayhem. In the chaos, one regal stag bowed to the boy who had freed him; and with Beastmaster astride him, leapt the high walls of the estate, and escaped. Now a man, Karroch the Beastmaster has not lost his ability to converse with wild creatures. He has grown into a warrior at one with nature's savagery."
"npc_dota_hero_venomancer_bio"	"在基迪岛上的浓酸密林中，在所有生物的体内，包括植物的根茎，动物的内脏中，都流淌着致命的腐蚀剧毒。然而，就算在这种毒巢里，剧毒术士也是公认的万毒之王。多年以前，一个叫做里瑟尔的植物学家乘坐小舟跨越弗拉基海湾，想要从植物的根须中提取出一种强力药剂，结果他却遭遇了噩梦一般的变故。在深入到基迪岛密林中数英里时，里瑟尔遇到了一种伪装成寄生植物的毒性爬虫，当他想把爬虫扯下来的时候，被爬虫狠狠的蛰了。绝望之际，他用他对丛林植物仅有的认知，飞快地掐住这只爬虫后，将它的毒液和一种带甲兰花的花蜜混合，合成了解毒剂。他用兰花的尖刺为自己注射了解毒剂，然后立即陷入昏迷，并且逐渐陷入了全身完全麻木的状态。十七年后，在他倒下的地方，从多年积累的腐土中钻出某个东西：剧毒术士。草药学家里瑟尔已经不复存在，现在他是死亡使者里瑟尔。他的记忆几乎都没有了，他原来的肉体已经毁灭，现在被一种新的物质所替代--融合了那只爬虫的毒液和兰花的毒性外皮。基迪岛的浓酸丛林现在有了新的主人，过去最剧毒的捕食者在他面前都只能逃走或臣服求饶。这个可怕的岛屿毕竟太有限了，里瑟尔受到内心深处残留的人类的饥渴驱使，离开了岛屿，去寻找新的毒物，以及带来新的死亡。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_venomancer_bio"	"In the Acid Jungles of Jidi Isle, poison runs in the veins and bubbles in the guts of every creature that scuttles, climbs or swoops between fluorescent vines dripping with caustic sap. Yet even in this toxic menagerie, Venomancer is acknowledged as the most venomous. Ages ago, an Herbalist named Lesale crossed the Bay of Fradj by coracle, searching for potent essences that might be extracted from bark and root, and found instead a nightmare transformation. Two leagues into Jidi's jungle, Lesale encountered a reptile camouflaged as an epiphyte, which stung him as he mistakenly plucked it. In desperation, he used his partial knowledge of the jungle's herbal bounty, mixing the venom of the (swiftly throttled) reptile with the nectar of an armored orchid, to compound an antidote. In the moments before a black paralysis claimed him completely, he injected himself by orchid-thorn, and instantly fell into a coma. Seventeen years later, something stirred in the spot where he had fallen, throwing off the years' accumulation of humus: Venomancer. Lesale the Herbalist no longer--but Lesale the Deathbringer. His mind was all but erased, and his flesh had been consumed and replaced by a new type of matter--one fusing the venom of the reptile with the poisonous integument of the orchid. Jidi's Acid Jungles knew a new master, one before whom even the most vicious predators soon learned to bow or burrow for their lives. The lurid isle proved too confining, and some human hunger deep in the heart of the Venomancer drove Lesale out in search of new poisons--and new deaths to bring."
"npc_dota_hero_faceless_void_bio"	"暗惧者虚空假面是来自超维视界的一名访客，一个时间之外的境域。这个来自其他维度的存在，坚信为复仇之石的争斗值得它降临我们物质位面的原因，依然是个迷，但显然它对这个世界平衡力扰乱的后果已经反映到了相邻的维度。时间对暗惧者毫无意义，除了作为一种阻挠敌人并帮助盟友的手段。它那长远的宇宙视角赐予它悠久却不相关的特技，但没关系，在战场上它完全能随心施展这些能力。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_faceless_void_bio"	"Darkterror the Faceless Void is a visitor from Claszureme, a realm outside of time. It remains a mystery why this being from another dimension believes the struggle for the Nemesis Stones is worth entering our physical plane, but apparently an upset in the balance of power in this world has repercussions in adjacent dimensions. Time means nothing to Darkterror, except as a way to thwart his foes and aid his allies. His long-view of the cosmos has given him a remote, disconnected quality, although in battle he is quite capable of making it personal."
"npc_dota_hero_death_prophet_bio"	"克萝贝露丝曾是一名死亡先知——她为那些希望透过迷雾看清未来的人预知死后的命运，当然只为其中的有钱人做预言。在多年为他人探寻命运后，她开始寻找自己命运的线索。当死亡拒绝向她透露它的秘密后，她便尝试用自己的生命来换取死亡的真相。但即使是这终极的代价也没有用。死亡一次又一次拒绝了她，将最深的秘密隐藏了起来。嫉妒开始在她心里滋长。其他人能够通过死亡来获得永恒——凭什么她不能？凭什么只有她必须不厌其烦的在生与死之间徘徊？凭什么她无法拥有其他所有生物都必有的一死？即使是这样，她也不会气馁。每次从坟墓中返回人间时，她都带回一点死亡气息。鬼魂像她破碎灵魂的碎片般跟着她；她的血液颜色日益稀薄并且散发出灵气；那些在幽暗之处肆意掠食的生物与她愈发亲密。每一次死亡，她都失去一点生命，似乎已经能够看到她的终结之日了。随着她对死亡的加倍追求，她不再为其他客人做预言，专心于自己的命运，克萝贝露丝更狂热地将自己投向死亡的深渊，决心要完成那一直在回避她的预言：某一天，死亡先知将不再从死亡中归来。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_death_prophet_bio"	"Krobelus was a Death Prophet--which is one way of saying she told fortunes for the wealthiest of those who wished to look beyond the veil. But after years of inquiring on behalf of others, she began to seek clues on her own fate. When death refused to yield its secrets, she tried to buy them with her life. But the ultimate price proved insufficient. Death disgorged her again and again, always holding back its deepest mysteries. Her jealousy grew. Others could die for eternity--why not she? Why must she alone be cast back on the shores of life with such tiresome regularity? Why was she not worthy of the one thing all other living creatures took for granted? Still, she would not be discouraged. Each time she returned from the grave, she brought a bit of death back with her. Wraiths followed her like fragments of her shattered soul; her blood grew thin and ectoplasmic; the feasting creatures of twilight took her for their kin.. She gave a little of her life with every demise, and it began to seem as if her end was in sight. With her dedication to death redoubled, and no client other than herself, Krobelus threw herself ever more fervently into death's abyss, intent on fulfilling the one prophecy that eluded her: That someday the Death Prophet would return from death no more."
"npc_dota_hero_pugna_bio"	"在帕格纳的出生之境，三途川的发源地附近耸立着一座专门研究湮灭术的喇嘛寺，这座寺庙直接从河中汲取冥界的能量。寺庙的上师几年之前湮灭了自己，留下一个无人管理的学院。在上师归西的同时，寺庙摄政者们就开始举行一个占卜仪式，来确定他们师傅的转世。最终，所有标记都指向了紧挨他们的邻居。数个村庄坐落在寺庙的影子下，小巷与广场充满了孩童们的笑骂声。帕格纳，一个仅仅13个月大的幼儿，成为了当地的候选者之一，并且在提名日，他与另外两名幼儿被寺庙选中。喇嘛们给了他们一大堆前任上师用过的珍贵宝物。一个男孩伸手抓出一根原本属于喇嘛的斑岩手杖……然后把它插到他鼻孔里。一个调皮的女孩拉出一个原本也属于喇嘛的护符，然后立刻吞掉了。帕格纳冷静地注视着另外两人，愉快地笑了一下，接着用一团翠绿的火焰把他们烧成了灰。然后他从灰烬中夺回了手杖和护符，说到：“这些是我的！”摄政者们立刻将喜气洋洋的帕格纳架在肩上，给他套上了上师的法衣，在他心情变化前急忙把他抬上了宝座。五年内，这座庙宇本身成为了另一堆灰烬，让帕格纳愉悦不止。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_pugna_bio"	"In the realm of Pugna's birth, near the vents of the Nether Reaches, there stood a lamasery devoted to the Arts of Oblivion, which drew its power from the nether energies. The Grandmaster of the temple compound had himself passed into Oblivion several years prior, leaving his academy without a leader. From the moment of their master's death, the regents of the temple began rites of divination to identify their master's reincarnation, and eventually all signs converged on the immediate neighborhood. Several villages squatted in the shadow of the temple, their alleys and plazas full of the laughter of squalling children.  Pugna, a mere thirteen months of age, was but one candidate among the local brats, and on the appointed day he was presented at the temple alongside two other promising tots. The lamas offered a jumble of worn relics to the children, treasured possessions of their former grandmaster. One boy reached for a porphyry wand that had belonged to the lama...and put it in his nostril. An impish girl pulled out an amulet that had also been the lama's, and immediately swallowed it. Pugna regarded the other two coolly, gave a merry laugh, and blasted them with gouts of emerald flame, reducing them to ashes in an instant. He then snatched up the wand and amulet, saying 'Mine!' The regents hoisted the beaming Pugna on their shoulders, wrapped him in their grandmaster's vestments, and rushed him to the throne before his mood could change. Within five years, the temple itself was another pile of ash, which pleased Pugna to no end."
"npc_dota_hero_templar_assassin_bio"	"拉娜娅，圣堂刺客，一直行走在对万物的探求之路上。她有一颗渴求知识的心，早年就非常专注于研究自然法则——对魔法和炼金术有关的书非常入迷，试图重现她在紫罗兰档案馆找到的吉光片羽中记载的实验，并且背下了档案保管者对实验的观察记录。由于她天性悄声隐秘，再加上获得这些东西的高难度，拉娜娅的隐秘行动技巧得到了进一步的强化。要不是她处事低调，她的“神偷”大名早已传遍了各大公会。不过她的研究一步步的将她带进了更为诡异的死角。就在她将自己的隐秘天赋完全奉献给探索宇宙秘密的时候，却无意中打开了一扇隐秘的自然之门：隐之圣堂的入口。入口另一侧的智慧生命早已在等着她了，他们向拉娜娅解答了许多未解之谜，然而当他们告诉拉娜娅她可以为圣堂服务时，这些秘密都算不得什么了。她立誓守护这些秘密，然而更重要的是，为圣堂服务能够满足她那对知识无尽的渴求。在消灭的每个敌人眼中，她发现自己揭示的秘密又多了一分。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_templar_assassin_bio"	"Lanaya, the Templar Assassin, came to her calling by a path of curious inquiry. Possessed of a scientific bent, she spent her early years engaged in meticulous study of nature's laws--peering into grimoires of magic and alchemy, recreating experiments from charred fragments of the Violet Archives, and memorizing observations of the Keen recordkeepers. Already quiet and secretive by nature, the difficulty of acquiring these objects further reinforced her skills of stealth. Had she been less retiring, she might have become notorious among the guilds as a thief-scholar. Instead her investigations led her into far more obscure corners. As she devoted her furtive talents to unlocking the secrets of the universe, she instead unlocked a secret door that exists in nature itself: the entryway to the most Hidden Temple. The intelligences that waited beyond that portal, proved to be expecting her, and whatever mysteries they revealed in the moment of their discovery was nothing compared to the answers they held out to Lanaya should she continue in their service. She swore to protect the mysteries, but more to the point, in service to the Hidden Temple she satisfies her endless craving for understanding. In the eyes of each foe she expunges, a bit more of the mystery is revealed."
"npc_dota_hero_viper_bio"	"一个暴虐凶残的巫师捕获了蝮蛇，希望驯服它作为自己的凶狠宠物，好奇的蝮蛇很乐意被带离那封闭不化的三途川，那是一块在地壳滑移中被封闭的幽冥龙穴，它的种族在那里已经居住了成千上万年。蝮蛇一开始还试着花时间来理解并服从巫师的命令，希望能学到他最高超的黑暗魔法。但它很快就发现，没有多少咒语比它与生俱来的毒液更致命。蝮蛇流出的酸液很快就腐蚀掉了它笼子上的铁柱，冥界亚龙挣脱出了巫师的囚禁，将它的毒液喷在了老巫师眼睛里杀死了它，蝮蛇翱翔在空中，向世界宣告它的来临。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_viper_bio"	"The malevolent familiar of a sadistic wizard who captured and hoped to tame him, Viper was curiously glad to have been sprung from the sealed and unchanging subterranean Nether Reaches where his race had lived for millions of years, after tectonic slippage had sealed off the Netherdrakes in luminous caverns. Viper spent some time appearing to submit to the wizard's enchainments, hoping to learn what he could of the dark magics the mage practiced. But he soon realized that few spells were as deadly as the toxins that were his birthright. Exuding an acid that swiftly ate away the bars of his cage, the Netherdrake slipped free of his confines, spit poison in the old spellcaster's eyes, and soared out to let the world know that it had a new master."
"npc_dota_hero_luna_bio"	"她曾经是被称为平原之灾的残酷领导者，率领着众多爪牙和野兽，敢于在任何地方肆虐。但不知为何沦落为现在这副样子。远离故土，饥饿至半疯状态流浪了好几个月，她的军队早已成为了尸体，甚至某些更糟的东西。当她站在一片古老森林的边缘时，那古老的树枝之间有一双灼热的眼睛正在暗中监视她。在这落幕的黄昏中，某种美丽但致命的野兽正在寻找一顿美餐。它悄无声息的转身离开了。愤怒占据了她的大脑。她紧紧抓住手中生锈的匕首，冲向那只野兽，只为寻回一丝曾经的荣誉。但这只猎物却无法被抓住。她三次将它逼进岩石和树木的死角，但每次她要扑上去抓住它时，都只能看见一丝褐色残影冲进森林的深处。不过由于满月的月光十分明亮，这头野兽的足迹很容易追踪。当一路追到一座高山开阔的山顶上时，这头体型巨大的野兽就那么坐在那里，专注地等待着她。当她挥起匕首刺过去时，野兽后退了一下，然后咆哮着冲向她。在坚持了这么久之后，在这片陌生的土地上，她似乎感到了自己的死期终于到来了。她平静的站在那里，准备接受结局。但在这一瞬间，野兽夺下了她手中的匕首，然后消失进了树林中。此时万物归于平静，几个戴头巾的身影靠近了她。她们用虔诚的语气告诉她，月之女神赛莉蒙妮选择了她，并指引了她，也测试了她。在不知不觉中，她已经通过了银夜森林的守卫者-暗月骑士的神圣仪式。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_luna_bio"	"How had she been reduced to this?  She was once the Scourge of the Plains, a merciless leader of men and beasts, and able to sow terror wherever she dared.  Now she was far from her homeland, driven half mad from starvation and months of wandering, her army long dead or worse.  As she stood at the edge of an ancient forest, a pair of glowing eyes spied on from an elder branch.  Something beautiful and deadly sought a meal in the wilting dusk.  Without a sound, it turned and left.  Fury overtook her.  Clutching a rust-eaten dagger, she charged after the beast determined to reclaim even a shred of her past glory, but her quarry would not be caught.  Three times she cornered the creature among the rocks and trees, and three times she pounced only to witness its fading shadow darting further into the woods.  Yet the full moon shone brightly, and the creature's trail was easy to follow.  Arriving in a clearing atop a high hill, the beast's massive feline form sat in the open, attentive and waiting.  When the woman brandished her dagger, the creature reared and roared and charged.  Death, it seemed, had come for her at long last in this strange place.  She stood, calm and ready.  A flash of movement, and the beast snatched the dagger from her hand before vanishing into the forest.  Stillness.  Hooded figures approached. In reverent tones they revealed that Selemene, Goddess of the Moon, had chosen her, had guided her, had tested her. Unwittingly she had endured the sacred rites of the Dark Moon, warriors of the Nightsilver Woods.
She was offered a choice: join the Dark Moon and pledge herself to the service of Selemene, or leave and never return. She did not hesitate. Embracing her absolution, she renounced her bloody past, and took up a new mantle as Luna of the Dark Moon, the dreaded Moon Rider, ruthless and ever-loyal guardian of the Nightsilver Woods."
"npc_dota_hero_dragon_knight_bio"	"多年来骑士达维安一直在追寻一条传说中的古龙，而他发现自己最终面对的敌人后感到失望：过去让人闻风丧胆的神龙斯莱瑞克已经变得苍老而脆弱，它的双翼已经残破，它所剩不多的龙鳞也开始腐烂，它的爪子变得肿大老化，它曾经引以为傲的火焰吐息现在威力和进水了的火柴差不多。达维安觉得这样的屠龙行径已经不能给他带来任何荣誉，转身就要离开，让他的老对手安息。但是他的脑海里传来了一个声音，斯莱瑞克低声的乞求着，让达维安允许它光荣的战死。达维安同意了，随即发现他的怜悯给他带来了意外的收获：当他将手中的锋刃刺入斯莱瑞克的胸膛时，神龙使出最后的力量用龙爪刺穿了他的喉咙，随着他们血液的融合，斯莱瑞克将它所有的力量随着血液赐予了达维安，也赐予了他数百年的智慧。龙的死去将他们的命运完全的绑定在了一起，龙骑士横空出世。古老的力量在龙骑士达维安的身体里沉睡着，应他的呼唤而复苏。或者，也许是神龙呼唤着骑士让他复苏..."
"[english]npc_dota_hero_dragon_knight_bio"	"After years on the trail of a legendary Eldwurm, the Knight Davion found himself facing a disappointing foe: the dreaded Slyrak had grown ancient and frail, its wings tattered, its few remaining scales stricken with scale-rot, its fangs ground to nubs, and its fire-gouts no more threatening than a pack of wet matchsticks. Seeing no honor to be gained in dragon-murder, Knight Davion prepared to turn away and leave his old foe to die in peace. But a voice crept into his thoughts, and Slyrak gave a whispered plea that Davion might honor him with death in combat. Davion agreed, and found himself rewarded beyond expectation for his act of mercy: As he sank his blade in Slyrak's breast, the dragon pierced Davion's throat with a talon. As their blood mingled, Slyrak sent his power out along the Blood Route, sending all its strength and centuries of wisdom to the knight.  The dragon's death sealed their bond and Dragon Knight was born. The ancient power slumbers in the Dragon Knight Davion, waking when he calls it. Or perhaps it is the Dragon that calls the Knight..."
"npc_dota_hero_dark_seer_bio"	"迅捷如风，足智多谋，黑暗贤者依什卡菲尔并不需要多么锋利的武器来搏斗，他总是运用强大的心灵之力来征服敌人。他有着颠覆战局使之对己方有利的天才。迎着欢呼和敬意，他从一个叫做“幻墙之末”的世界走了出来，并不热衷于这个世界的纷争——他是一个来自现实世界之外的勇者。曾经，黑暗贤者是备受人民尊敬的将军，是神王达玛瑞克斯麾下英勇的保卫者，然而他的军队在边境大战的最后几天，被一股更为强大的力量悉数歼灭。面临如此惨败，他绝望的做出了最后一个决定：引诱着敌军进入了幻墙迷宫。在他即将被捕的前一刻，他穿过幻墙，释放出强大的黑暗能量，将幻墙永远的封印起来。当飞扬的尘土归于平静以后，他发现他成功的拯救了自己的人民，而自己却沐浴在另一个世界的阳光下，亦真亦幻，无法回到现实世界。现在，他决心以一名战略家的身份来证明自己的价值，并且立誓要让这个新的世界见识他那伟大的谋略。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_dark_seer_bio"	"Fast when he needs to be, and a cunning strategist, Ish'Kafel the Dark Seer requires no edged weapons to vanquish his enemies, relying instead on the strength of his powerful mind. His talent lies in his ability to maneuver the fight to his advantage. Hailing from a place he calls 'The Land behind the wall,' Dark Seer remains an outsider here--a warrior from a realm beyond the veil of this reality.  
Once a great general among his people, and a valiant defender of the god-king Damathryx, Dark Seer's army was wiped out by a much larger force in the final days of the Great Boundaries War. Facing certain defeat, he made one last desperate act: he led the enemy forces into the maze between the walls. At the last moment, just before capture, he crossed over--then sealed the walls forever in an explosive release of dark energy. When the dust settled, he saw that he had saved his people but found himself blinking at the sun of a different world, with no way to return.  Now he is committed to proving his worth as a military strategist, and vows to show that he's the greatest tactician this strange new world has ever seen."
"npc_dota_hero_clinkz_bio"	"在流血丘陵的底部，蔓延着一片庞大的森林——霍文林地，在那里，有着数个幽暗的湖泊，汇集着丘陵上渗透下来的死血。萨瑟雷克斯，王之魔法师，用他的仁慈统治着这片土地。他手下最为忠心的，霍文林地的誓约守护者，克林克兹，是一名技艺精湛的弓箭手。在王之魔法师统治的第三百年，来自第六狱的恶魔莫拉克希出现了，声称要占领这片森林。作为反击，王之魔法师降下了一个牢不可破的咒语：任何打败恶魔的人，都能获得无尽的生命。克林克兹在对咒语一无所知的情况下，毅然加入到了对莫拉格斯的战斗中，保护他的土地免遭恶魔的屠戮。逐渐的，克林克兹将莫拉格斯驱逐到了第六狱的传送门前，在那里与其进行了殊死的决斗。双双重伤的情况下，恶魔竭尽生命之力放出了地狱之火，而克林克兹也射出了自己的最后一箭。在箭矢射中恶魔并将其杀死的同时，地狱之火也在大地上蔓延开来，眼看克林克兹就要被活活烧死。然而，就在弓箭手燃烧的时候，王之魔法师的咒语生效了，让他以这种邪恶的形态活了下来。现在，克林克兹肉体已失，生命被禁锢在死亡的契约之中，只留下灼热的骷髅和无尽的怒气。他永不停止的呼吸中，充斥着地狱的灼热。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_clinkz_bio"	"At the base of the Bleeding Hills stretches a thousand-league wood, a place called The Hoven, where black pools gather the tarry blood of the uplands, and the king-mage Sutherex sits in benevolent rule. Once a sworn protector of the Hoven lands, Clinkz earned a reputation for his skill with a bow. In the three-hundredth year of the king-mage, the demon Maraxiform rose from sixth hell to lay claim to the forest. In response, the king-mage decreed an unbreakable spell: to any who slew the demon would be granted Life Without End.
Unaware of the spell, Clinkz waded into battle, defending his lands against the demon's fiery onslaught. Clinkz drove Maraxiform back to the gates of sixth-hell itself, where on that fiery threshold the two locked in a mortal conflict. Grievously wounded, the demon let out a blast of hellfire as Clinkz loosed his final arrow. The arrow struck the demon true as hellfire poured out across the land, lighting the black pools and burning Clinkz alive at the instant of the demon's death. Thus, the mage's spell took effect at the very moment of the archer's conflagration, preserving him in this unholy state, leaving him a being of bones and rage, caught in the very act of dying, carrying hell's breath with him on his journey into eternity."
"npc_dota_hero_enchantress_bio"	"从外表上看，爱由莎就像是一个天真无忧的森林精灵，尽管的确如此，但这也不是对她最为完整的评价。她对自然所遭受的苦难感同身受。她曾跋山涉水，穿越过斑驳的森林，走过四季变换，结识新的朋友，分享新的见闻，为她所到之处带去自然的治愈和欢乐的笑容。因为在那些饱受战乱折磨的地区，森林被大规模的砍伐，用作造船以及制造攻城车；而即使是在和平地区，也有人因为建造房屋而砍伐森林，为添加灶火而毁坏树木。爱由莎从森林中的小精灵处听闻了这些事情，这些小家伙需要森林的荫蔽来繁衍。她耐心的倾听着那些苦于无法倾诉的人诉说着痛苦，坚信自己的鼓励也是一种魅力，一种能够让未来再次充满绿色的魅之魔力。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_enchantress_bio"	"Aiushtha appears to be an innocent, carefree creature of the woods, and while this is certainly true, it is hardly the sum of her story. She well understands the suffering of the natural world. She has wandered far, and fared through forests bright and drear, in every clime and every season, gathering friends, sharing news, bringing laughter and healing wherever she goes. For in worlds wracked by war, forests are leveled for the building of ships and siege engines; and even in places of peace, the woods are stripped for the building of homes, and as fuel for countless hearths. Aiushtha hears the pleas of the small creatures, the furtive folk who need green shade and a leafy canopy to thrive. She lends her ears to those who have no other listeners. She carries their stories from the wood to the world, believing that her own good cheer is a kind of Enchantment, that can itself fulfill the promise of a verdant future."
"npc_dota_hero_omniknight_bio"	"普利斯特·雷霆之怒是一名见多识广、勇于拼搏、无比虔诚的骑士，他被声望极高的骑士团长老抚养长大，作为他们的贴身侍卫，立誓遵守他们的命令。他将一生都献给了全知全能的神。骑士团毕生都在进行艰苦的圣战，而普利斯特也至死不渝的履行着他的职责，奉献他的力量以及那年轻人特有的热忱，从未有过怀疑。然而，多年的远征让他的长辈和上级都已经归于尘土，带着悔恨和愧疚，被埋葬在远征路上的墓穴里，他亲如兄弟的战友，在同那些拒绝臣服于全能之神的野蛮人的战斗中陨落，而他自己的亲卫，也被伏击、瘟疫吞噬，于是他开始质疑自己誓言的意义——远征的意义。经过了深刻的冥想，他离开了他的军队，长途跋涉回到了晴雪城——传说中的圣城，在那里，他对全能之神的祭司们发出了质问。从来没有哪个骑士胆敢如此，祭司们试图将他投入献祭之渊，然而普利斯特却如山一般无法撼动。因为当他俯视着祭司时，全身闪耀着圣洁之光，祭司们看到全能之神选择了他作为其显圣之身。年长的大祭司见状，便亲自花费了数周的时间，指引他前往圣城深处的密室，世间最为圣洁之地，在那里等着他的，并不是一些充满智慧的晦涩抽象的书籍，也不是什么供人信奉的洞窟遗迹，而是全能之神本尊。神在这个密室里已经居住了千万年，并且创造了世间万物，在星球周围创造了巨大的保护外壳，抵御来自其他世界的邪恶。全能之神告诉普利斯特，他创造了世界，并且给予了教徒世间的真理。骑士没有办法驳斥这个故事。也许全能之神只是一个被关在石牢里面的骗子，根本不是什么创世者，但是全能骑士也不再质疑他的信仰。他的战斗终于有了意义，毫无疑问，他身体里面涌动着神圣的光明之力，而他在战斗中带给战友的力量，更是不容置疑。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_omniknight_bio"	"Purist Thunderwrath was a hard-fighting, road-worn, deeply committed knight, sworn to the order in which he had grown up as squire to elder knights of great reputation. He had spent his entire life in the service of the Omniscience, the All Seeing One. Theirs was a holy struggle, and so embedded was he in his duty that he never questioned it so long as he had the strength to fight and the impetuous valor that comes with youth. But over the long years of the crusade, as his elders passed away and were buried in sorry graves at the side of muddy tracks, as his bond-brothers fell in battle to uncouth creatures that refused to bow to the Omniscience, as his own squires were chewed away by ambush and plague and bad water, he began to question the meaning of his vows--the meaning of the whole crusade. After deep meditation, he parted ways with his army and commenced a long trek back to the cave-riddled cliffs of Emauracus, and there he set a challenge to the priests of the Omniscience. No knight had ever questioned them before, and they tried to throw him into the pit of sacrifice, but Purist would not be moved. For as he faced them down, he began to glow with a holy light, and they saw that the Omniscience had chosen to reveal Itself to him. The Elder Hierophant led him on a journey of weeks down into the deepest chamber, the holy of holies, where waited not some abstract concept of wisdom and insight, not some carved relic requiring an injection of imagination to believe in, but the old one itself. It had not merely dwelt in those rocks for billions of aeons; no, It had created them. The Omniscience had formed the immense mineral shell of the planet around itself, as a defense against the numerous terrors of space. Thus the All Seeing One claimed to have created the world, and given the other truths revealed to Purist on that day, the knight had no reason to refute the story. Perhaps the Omniscience is a liar, deep in its prison of stone, and not the world's creator at all, but Omniknight never again questioned his faith. His campaign had meaning at last. And there can be no question that the glorious powers that imbue him, and give his companions such strength in battle, are real beyond any doubt."
"npc_dota_hero_huskar_bio"	"从虚无之境带给他的剧痛中逃离后，哈斯卡终于睁开了双眼，醒来的第一件事却是发现暗影牧师戴泽正在对他吟唱一个艰深的咒语。哈斯卡的灵魂从永恒虚无中被救了出来，这是违背了德尊教团古老仪式的准则的，然而和其他去过虚无之境的人一样，哈斯卡也发现自己的身体被那里所彻底改变了。他不再怜悯凡人的肉体，他的生命之血成为了强大的力量源泉，每一滴鲜血都给他成倍的狂暴的、灼热的能量。然而，这一新生的天赋却激怒了哈斯卡，因为在拯救他逃离虚无之境时，戴泽拒绝让他进入神灵之地。他的自我牺牲也被拒绝。当教团的的长老们试图寻找一个扩大自己影响的方法时，他们一致认为哈斯卡将成为他们在战争中最可怕的武器。然而，成为教团的武器让哈斯卡更加愤怒，因为他们不仅利用他，还否定了他与生俱来的权利。于是在战争打响之际，他逃离了家乡，去寻找新的盟友，寻找那些值得他牺牲自己，释放强大力量的盟友。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_huskar_bio"	"Emerging from the throes of the sacred Nothl Realm, Huskar opened his eyes to see the prodigal shadow priest Dazzle working a deep incantation over him. Against the ancient rites of the Dezun Order, Huskar's spirit had been saved from eternity, but like all who encounter the Nothl he found himself irrevocably changed. No longer at the mercy of a mortal body, his very lifeblood became a source of incredible power; every drop spilled was returned tenfold with a fierce, burning energy. However this newfound gift infuriated Huskar, for in his rescue from the Nothl, Dazzle had denied him a place among the gods. He had been denied his own holy sacrifice. In time the elders of the order sought to expand their influence and Huskar, they agreed, would be a formidable tool in their campaign. Yet becoming a mere weapon for the order that denied him his birthright only upset him further. As the first embers of war appeared on the horizon, he fled his ancestral home to find new allies, all the while seeking a cause worthy of unleashing the power his total sacrifice could bring."
"npc_dota_hero_night_stalker_bio"	"暗夜魔王巴拉那的过去无人知晓，流传的只有一些道听途说的野史轶闻。在每一个种族，每一个文明中，都流传着一段古老的传说：在被称为永夜的那段时间，黑夜笼罩，大地被一群黑暗生物——暗夜魔王那样的黑暗生物所统治的传说。据说，在日出之日的黎明，所有的夜行生物都灭亡了。所有的，除了他。他是邪恶的化身，他对自己的凶残十分满意，他是所有黑暗恐惧的源头，他是夜魔，他是吓唬小孩子故事里面永恒的幽灵。而他自己最满意的角色并不是那些传说中虚构的种种。他的确喜欢猎杀那些粗心大意的，毫无防备的，胆敢不顾他们朋友劝告而去阳光无法照耀到的路上行走的冒失鬼。暗夜魔王的存在，就是为了告诉世界，你们的噩梦...都是真的。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_night_stalker_bio"	"Of the Night Stalker, there is no history, only stories. There are ancient tales woven into the lore of every race and every culture, of an impossible time before sunlight and daytime, when night reigned alone and the world was covered with the creatures of darkness--creatures like Balanar the Night Stalker. 
It is said that on the dawn of the First Day, all the night creatures perished. All, that is, save one. Evil's embodiment, Night Stalker delights in his malevolence. He created the primal role of the Night Terror, the Boogeyman, and as long as there have been younglings, his is the specter summoned to terrify them. This is a role he relishes; nor are these empty theatrics. He does indeed stalk the unwary, the defenseless, those who have strayed beyond the lighted paths or denied the warnings of their communities. Night Stalker serves as living proof that every child's worst nightmare....is true."
"npc_dota_hero_broodmother_bio"	"几个世纪以来，育母蜘蛛布蕾克·艾拉齐娜一直潜伏在灼神山的火山口岩洞中，悉心的照料着数以百万计的幼虫，保证他们能够安全的存活到去地上世界捕食的年龄。直到后来，索罗普瑟斯，一个贪婪的权臣，在死火山的火山口修建了他的私人庙塔，因为他知道，就算有人觊觎他的财富，也不能活着穿越那条蜘蛛出没的死亡之路。在安享了几百年的安宁后，布蕾克·艾拉齐娜发现一些不速之客不停的在干扰着她的生活，毛手毛脚的小偷、有勇无谋的骑士，以及出生贵族的年轻人——诚然，他们都是美味的食物，但是他们的到来切实的影响到了她照料她那“无辜”的后代。忍无可忍之时，她去造访了索罗普瑟斯，而这个权臣却不愿意妥协，于是她用蛛丝将他裹起来，扔到一边，留给那些即将出生的小崽子们美味一顿。不幸的是，庙塔主人的失踪却让更多的人壮着胆子前来骚扰。而当她的一名新生儿被一个冒失的探险者踩死时，她终于爆发了。育母蜘蛛向着地上世界前进，誓要清洗掉世界上所有可能对她的孩子有威胁的入侵者，即使是英雄也不例外，直到确保她能够为她那珍贵的小蜘蛛们提供一个安全健康的温床。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_broodmother_bio"	"For centuries, Black Arachnia the Broodmother lurked in the dark lava tubes beneath the smoldering caldera of Mount Pyrotheos, raising millions of spiderlings in safety before sending them to find prey in the wide world above. In a later age, the Vizier of Greed, Ptholopthales, erected his lodestone ziggurat on the slopes of the dead volcano, knowing that any looters who sought his magnetic wealth must survive the spider-haunted passages. After millennia of maternal peace, Black Arachnia found herself beset by a steady trickle of furfeet and cutpurses, bold knights and noble youths--all of them delicious, certainly, and yet tending to create a less than nurturing environment for her innocent offspring. Tiring of the intrusions, she paid a visit to Ptholopthales; and when he proved unwilling to discuss a compromise, she wrapped the Vizier in silk and set him aside to be the centerpiece of a special birthday feast. Unfortunately, the absence of the Magnetic Ziggurat's master merely emboldened a new generation of intruders. When one of her newborns was trodden underfoot by a clumsy adventurer, she reached the end of her silken rope. Broodmother headed for the surface, declaring her intent to rid the world of each and every possible invader, down to the last Hero if necessary, until she could ensure her nursery might once more be a safe and wholesome environment for her precious spiderspawn."
"npc_dota_hero_bounty_hunter_bio"	"关于赏金猎人刚铎，有很多真假难分的故事，唯一的共同点是，讲述这些故事的人都死了。在那些低语中，有的说他像工具一样被抛弃，为了生存而学习追踪术。另一种说法是他是战争中幸存的弃儿，被伟大的猎手索鲁克带走，并在阴暗的森林中教会他高超的猎人技巧。然而，另外一些人则相信他是贫民窟的捣蛋鬼，在一帮小偷扒手中混迹成人，擅长偷盗和误导。被刚铎追杀的人每次一提起他，恐惧就会剧增：他们说，那个追踪暴君伽夫多年，最后将其逼疯并杀死，割下其头颅拿走其权杖的人，就是刚铎。就是他，渗透进海西特反叛军营地，将传奇盗贼“白色海角”带回去接受审判。就是他，终结了猎手索鲁克的神话，让其为杀死王子的得力助手付出了代价。刚铎的传奇还在继续，每一个故事都比之前的更加不可思议，每一个猎物都比以前的更加难以捕杀。然而，只要出价够高，谁都无法躲开他；只要出价够高，即使是最强大的战士，想到刚铎，都会在阴影中颤抖。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_bounty_hunter_bio"	"When the hunted tell tales of Gondar the Bounty Hunter, none are sure of which are true. In whispered tones they say he was abandoned as a kit, learning his skill in tracking as a matter of simple survival. Others hear he was an orphan of war, taken in by the great Soruq the Hunter to learn the master's skill with a blade as they plumbed the dark forests for big game. Still others believe he was a lowly street urchin raised among a guild of cutpurses and thieves, trained in the arts of stealth and misdirection. Around campfires in the wild countryside his quarry speaks the rumors of Gondar's work, growing ever more fearful: they say it was he who tracked down the tyrant King Goff years after the mad regent went into hiding, delivering his head and scepter as proof. That it was he who infiltrated the rebel camps at Highseat, finally bringing the legendary thief White Cape to be judged for his crimes. And that it was he who ended the career of Soruq the Hunter, condemned as a criminal for killing the Prince's prized hellkite. The tales of Gondar's incredible skill stretch on, with each daring feat more unbelievable than the last, each target more elusive. For the right price, the hunted know, anyone can be found. For the right price, even the mightiest may find fear in the shadows."
"npc_dota_hero_weaver_bio"	"创世之纱需要长期细心的照料，以防止其变得残破；因为一旦它散开了，整个世界就将毁于一旦。编织者的工作就是保持创世之纱的紧密，用现实之网修补它的破损。他们同样要防止那些在创世之纱的缺口上产卵或者侵蚀创世之纱的虫子，只要编织者稍微分心，这些家伙的幼虫就能吞噬掉整个宇宙。斯吉茨格尔是一名大师级的编织者，负责维护一块小补丁的紧密。然而这项任务并不能满足他，他经常唠叨过去那些原始的创造工作，对干完活就走人的世界纺织者也是颇有微词。他想创造，不想只是维护——他想按自己的设计编织出自己的世界。他开始在他负责的区域上做手脚，逐渐不能自拔，他的胆子也愈发的大，甚至私自改动了世界纺织者编织的图案。最后，守卫者来了，毁掉了编织者所作的一切，直接从创世之纱上去除了这一块，然后重新编织，却不让他参与其中。斯吉茨格尔现在孤身一人，被种群所弃，换做任何其他编织者，都会备受折磨。然而斯吉茨格尔却无比愉悦，因为他终于自由了，能够自由的创造，重头开始。他创造新世界所需的所有材料都触手可及。他只需要从缺口处将现在的世界撕裂。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_weaver_bio"	"The fabric of creation needs constant care, lest it grow tattered; for when it unravels, whole worlds come undone. It is the work of the Weavers to keep the fabric tight, to repair worn spots in the mesh of reality. They also defend from the things that gnaw and lay their eggs in frayed regions, whose young can quickly devour an entire universe if the Weavers let their attention lapse. Skitskurr was a master Weaver, charged with keeping one small patch of creation tightly woven and unfaded. But the job was not enough to satisfy. It nagged him that the original work of creation all lay in the past; the Loom had done its work and travelled on. He wanted to create rather than merely maintain--to weave worlds of his own devising.  He began making small changes to his domain, but the thrill of creation proved addictive, and his strokes became bolder, pulling against the pattern that the Loom had woven. The guardians came, with their scissors, and Weaver's world was pared off, snipped from the cosmic tapestry, which they rewove without him in it. Skitskurr found himself alone, apart from his kind, a state that would have been torment for any other Weaver. But Skitskurr rejoiced, for now he was free. Free to create for himself, to begin anew. The raw materials he needed to weave a new reality were all around him. All he had to do was tear apart this old world at the seams."
"npc_dota_hero_jakiro_bio"	"即使是在那些奇怪的魔法生物中，双头龙也算是一头怪物。同时拥有着冰火之力，狡黠且狂猛，被称为杰奇洛的双头龙在战场上空肆意的灼烧大地，冰封敌人，将胆敢和它对抗的任何事物变成废墟。灼霜龙族的窝中从来都是有两只幼龙。与生俱来的凶残使它们闻名于世，这一种族中，新孵化的幼龙在出生伊始就会努力的杀死自己的兄弟姐妹。强者生存。这就是灼霜龙族维系其强大力量的办法。在一次意外中，怪胎杰奇洛从一个龙蛋里孵化出来了，在这一头幼龙的身体里有着灼霜龙族所有的力量。在它那厚重的龙鳞内，蕴含着冰火之力，在这样的力量面前，随时可能丧命。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_jakiro_bio"	"Even among magical beasts, a twin-headed dragon is a freak. Equal parts ice and fire, cunning and rage, the creature known as Jakiro glides over charred and ice-bound battlefields, laying waste to any who would bear arms against it. Pyrexae dragon clutches always contain two fledglings. Famous for their viciousness even from the first moments of life, newly hatched dragons of this species will try to kill their sibling while still in the nest. Only the strongest survive. In this way is the strength of the Pyrexae line ensured. By some accident of nature, the freak Jakiro hatched from a single egg, combining in a single individual the full range of abilities found within the diverse Pyrexae species. Trapped within the armature of its monstrous body, the powers of ice and fire combine, and now no enemy is safe."
"npc_dota_hero_batrider_bio"	"那些生活在荒狱丛林中的生物根本不知道什么叫和平共处。它们只知道用牙咬，用爪挠，用蛰刺，用蹄踩，即使稍微露怯也能让你立马死去。据说蝙蝠骑士在被外出觅食的食人蝠带走之前，只是一个普通农家的孩子，正在地里帮忙做农活。然而被带走后，他立刻想出了好点子，翻身骑上了抓住他的蝙蝠的后背，转眼间蝙蝠就成了他的工具。当他从那些血腥的尸骸中走出来时，他已经沉醉于战斗给他带来的兴奋和刺激，男孩终于意识到了自己内心深处的渴望。随着他的成长，每个夏天他都会回到家里的农田中，经常外出躲在草丛中，期望能够找回当年的血盆大口和致命的下坠给他带来的面对死亡的兴奋。时间一年年的过去，他的渴望变得愈发强烈。为了快速成长，他参加了每一次的远征，直到他找到了蝙蝠洞穴的路。据说在一个灼热仲夏的前夜，骑手只带了一捆绳索、一瓶壮胆酒以及灼热的决心，为了再次感受到天空，他只身跳入洞穴..."
"[english]npc_dota_hero_batrider_bio"	"There is no such thing as harmony among the creatures of the Yama Raskav Jungle. By bite, or claw, or pincer, or hoof, even the slightest sign of weakness means a swift death. They say the Rider was just a lad cutting chaff in his family's field when he was taken, swept up by a massive morde-bat looking for take-out. But this boy had a better idea, and wriggled his way from his captor's grip, onto the beast's back, and hacked it down with his tools. Emerging from the bloody wreckage and intoxicated by the thrill of flight, the boy realized he'd found his calling.  The boy grew, and every summer he'd return to his family's field, often setting out into the bush seeking to reclaim that first thrill of facing death in the form of jaws or a fatal fall. The years went on, but his fire only grew stronger. He studied the overgrowth, plunging deeper with each expedition, until finally he found his way to the caves at the heart of hostility. They say the Rider, on the eve of a scorching summer night, had nothing but a rope, a bottle of liquid courage and a burning determination to feel the skies once more, when he plunged inside..."
"npc_dota_hero_chen_bio"	"生于无信仰的哈扎达尔废墟，陈出生的年代正是那些沙漠中的游荡部落苦苦挣扎求生的时期。通过古老的动物奴役手段，陈的同胞们悉心的看护着沙漠中特有的掘地蜥，这是一种发育不良的掘地龙变种，能够将沙熔为集雨的玻璃管道——尽管两年才下一次雨。长期挣扎在饥荒和干旱的边缘，不停和周围的部落争斗，陈的部落做了一个错误的决定，在宿命注定的那一天，他们袭击了一个不该袭击的车队。在接下来的残酷战斗中，陈的部落完全处于下风。他们的袭击对象——全副武装的教会骑士，很快的清理掉了一大波攻击的掘地蜥。随着部落的神龙死去，族人们也接连被杀死。陈挣扎着，忍着刀伤，爬行着，几近死去。失败以后，他跪着准备接受充满羞辱的处决，引颈待戮。仲裁者被陈的勇气所打动，没有处死他。他给陈提供了一个选择：死亡还是转变信仰。陈开始执着的信仰神灵。他加入了教会，通过一次又一次血腥的改造，他逐渐赢得了自己的地位和武装。而现在，出于对改造他人信仰的狂热，力量达到巅峰的他，和他的动物奴役一起，寻找着那些无信仰之人，给予最终的“赏赐”。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_chen_bio"	"Born in the godless Hazhadal Barrens, Chen came of age among the outlaw tribes who eked out an existence in the shimmering heat of the desert.  Using an ancient form of animal enthrallment, Chen's people husbanded the hardy desert locuthi, a stunted species of burrowing dragon that melted desert sands into tubes of glass where twice-a-year rains collected.  Always on the edge of starvation and thirst, fighting amongst their neighbors and each other, Chen's clan made the mistake, one fateful day, of ambushing the wrong caravan. 
In the vicious battle that followed, Chen's clan was outmatched.  The armored Knights of the Fold made short work of the enthralled locuthi, who attacked and died in waves.  With their dragons dead, the tribesmen followed. Chen struggled, and slashed, and clawed, and perished--or would have. Defeated, on his knees, he faced his execution with humility, offering his neck to the blade. Moved by Chen's obvious courage, the executioner halted his sword. Instead of the blade, Chen was given a choice: death or conversion. Chen took to the faith with a ferocity. He joined the Fold and earned his armor one bloody conversion at a time. Now, with the fanaticism of a convert, and with his powers of animal enthrallment at their peak, he seeks out unbelievers and introduces them to their final reward."
"npc_dota_hero_spectre_bio"	"和所有强大的能量都喜欢欺凌弱小一样，被称为墨丘利的幽鬼也是一个拥有着强横能量的存在，同样的，她对现实世界中的冲突和纷争无比着迷。然而她平时的幽鬼形态超越了常人的感知范围，因此每当她以实体形态出现时，她不得不损失一部分自我能量——尽管她也不愿意。在战斗中，她的自我意识逐渐散落并重新聚合，她也开始有了意识。她意识到了自己是幽鬼墨丘利——其他所有的鬼影都只是她自我的阴影。出于重新凝聚的打算，她开始专注，她的心智也在不断的成熟。只有等到她取得胜利或者彻底失败时，她那超物质的形态才会得以重聚。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_spectre_bio"	"Just as higher states of energy seek a lower level, the Spectre known as Mercurial is a being of intense and violent energy who finds herself irresistibly drawn to scenes of strife as they unfold in the physical world. While her normal spectral state transcends sensory limitations, each time she takes on a physical manifestation, she is stricken by a loss of self--though not of purpose. In the clash of combat, her identity shatters and reconfigures, and she begins to regain awareness. She grasps that she is Mercurial the Spectre--and that all of her Haunts are but shadows of the one true Spectre. Focus comes in the struggle for survival; her true mind reasserts itself; until in the final moments of victory or defeat, she transcends matter and is restored once more to her eternal form."
"npc_dota_hero_doom_bringer_bio"	"他的烈焰永不熄灭，他的吞食永远得不到满足，他的杀戮无人能够制裁——路西法带给他的敌人的只有末日。手持燃焰魔剑，掠夺生灵魂魄，他是堕落使者，曾是暗之国度备受敬畏的将军，却因蔑视之罪而被放逐——他拒绝向任何人下跪。佤什昂多的丧钟六次为他敲响。他的翅膀受到六十六次烙印之刑，直到只剩下烧焦的残翼。失去双翼之后，他尖叫着坠向大地。落到了沙漠中的一个火山口，失落的乐园。现在他出招毫不留情，也无需理由，在七片黑暗领土上，只有他能自由行动。受到无法摆脱的欲望束缚，被难以想象的天赋所扭曲，末日使者所到之处既是地狱。蔑视世间一切。最终，世界将归于末日。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_doom_bringer_bio"	"He that burns and is not consumed, devours and is never sated, kills and is beyond all judgment--Lucifer brings doom to all who would stand against him. Bearing away souls on the tip of a fiery sword, he is the Fallen One, a once-favored general from the realm behind the light, cast out for the sin of defiance: he would not kneel. 
Six times his name was tolled from the great bell of Vashundol. Six and sixty times his wings were branded, until only smoking stumps remained. Without wings, he slipped loose from the tethers that bound him within the light and he fell screaming to earth. A crater in the desert, Paradise lost.  Now he attacks without mercy, without motive, the only living being able to move freely between the seven dark dominions. Lashed by inescapable needs, twisted by unimaginable talents, Doom carries his own hell with him wherever he goes. Defiant to the last. Eventually, the world will belong to Doom."
"npc_dota_hero_ancient_apparition_bio"	"卡尔德，远古冰魄，是时光之外的冰冷投影。他来自寒冷的无尽虚空，目睹宇宙诞生，见证宇宙终结。卡尔德是夕在，今在，永在的无上力量...我们的所有认知，所有自认为强大的事物，在永恒的卡尔德看来，不过是最细微最无力的附和。世间有这样的传言，随着宇宙的老化并走向衰亡，卡尔德的力量和光芒也将变得更强——远古冰魄将更加年轻，更加强大。他对冰霜的控制能够冻结一切事物，他的投影放出的光芒异常夺目。他将不再是魂魄，而是神！"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_ancient_apparition_bio"	"Kaldr, the Ancient Apparition, is an image projected from outside time. He springs from the cold, infinite void that both predates the universe and awaits its end. Kaldr is, Kaldr was, Kaldr shall be...and what we perceive, powerful as it appears to us, is but the faintest faded echo of the true, eternal Kaldr. Some believe that as the cosmos ages and approaches its final moments, the brightness and power of Kaldr will also intensify--that the Ancient Apparition will grow younger and stronger as eternity's end draws nigh. His grip of ice will bring all matter to a stop, his image will cast a light too terrible to behold. An Apparition no longer!"
"npc_dota_hero_ursa_bio"	"战士乌尔萨是熊怪部落最强大的一员，保护着他的家园和人民。在漫长的冬季，当女性族人在睡觉和照料后代时，男性则外出巡逻，他们不知疲倦、保持警惕，按自古以来的传统守卫着部落。乌尔萨听见一些模糊但在增加的传言说有一股邪恶势力正在扩散，他便跑出了这个野性部族的边界线，希望追踪到这个邪恶势力并在它能危害到他的人民之前，就将其在源头摧毁。自豪的乌尔萨有着光明且强大的灵魂，他是个绝对值得信任的忠实战友和守卫者。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_ursa_bio"	"Ulfsaar the Warrior is the fiercest member of an ursine tribe, protective of his land and his people. During the long winters, while the mothers sleep and nurse their cubs, the males patrol the lands above as tireless, vigilant defenders of their ancient ways. Hearing dim but growing rumors of a spreading evil, Ulfsaar headed out beyond the boundaries of his wild wooded homeland, intending to track down and destroy the threat at its source, before it could endanger his people. He is a proud creature with a bright strong spirit, utterly trustworthy, a staunch ally and defender."
"npc_dota_hero_gyrocopter_bio"	"在毕生为战争、起义、暴动和革命服务后，军中名人奥雷尔终于感到厌倦了。退役时除了一些琐碎物品和一笔可观的退休金，这位前工程师还带走了一样很有意思的东西：一件被遗忘了很久的，未完成的旋翼飞机设计图，这将是世界上第一架有人驾驶的，不依靠魔力的飞行装置。退休后他身无旁物，只带着时间和资金来到灰烬群岛，在这片隐蔽的热带岛屿中着手制造他的飞行装置。随着时间一年年过去，原型机失败作的残骸越堆越多，他甚至开始怀疑依靠机械飞行是否真的可能。在退休后第十年的第一天，一个阳光明媚、南风微拂的午后。奥雷尔坐在他最后的试验机中，充满愤怒和此次也将失败的预料。拉动点火绳后，在引擎的咕哝声中他护起脑袋，等着和以往一样不可避免的爆炸。然而这次大大出乎他的意料，他开始升空了，经过一阵慌乱的调整和稳定操作。不到一个小时，他就乘着微风，与海鸥结伴同行，飞行的体验让奥雷尔惊讶得近乎窒息。黄昏临近，他设置了返回工作间的路线，但就在这时，他的旋翼机被一发飞来的炮弹击穿了尾翼。从坠毁的残骸中解脱后，他游向眼前最近的岛屿，咒骂着射出那发炮弹的船只要为此付出代价。几天后，奥雷尔回到了工作间，开始制造他的新飞行器，一种能装载许多危险的火箭和导弹的新型旋翼机。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_gyrocopter_bio"	"After serving through a lifetime of wars, upheaval, riots, and revolutions, the brass figured Aurel had seen enough. But in addition to a few trinkets and his considerable pension, the erstwhile engineer left with something far more interesting: a long-forgotten, incomplete schematic for a Gyrocopter, the world's first manned, non-magical flying device. Retiring to the tropical obscurity of the Ash Archipelago with little else but time and money, he set to work building the device. As the years wore on and the remains of failed prototypes began to pile up, he began to wonder if mechanical flight was even possible. A decade and a day after his retirement, on a sunny afternoon with a southerly breeze, Aurel sat in his latest attempt bristling with indignation and expectant failure. With a grunt of effort he pulled the ignition cord and covered his head, waiting for the inevitable explosion. However to his great surprise he began to lift and, following a few panicked adjustments, stabilize. Within an hour, he was ducking and weaving with the breeze, level with the gulls, and Aurel found himself filled with the breathless wonder of flight. As dusk settled in he set a course back to his workshop, but no sooner had he turned his craft when a cannonball tore through his tailfin. Disentangling himself from the wreckage, he swam toward the nearest piece of land in sight, and cursed to see the ship responsible for the cannonball collecting the debris. Days later, when Aurel returned to his workshop, he set to work on yet another gyrocopter, this one capable of carrying a much heavier, more dangerous payload."
"npc_dota_hero_spirit_breaker_bio"	"裂魂人巴拉森来自元素领域，他高傲、强大、凶猛且精通元素之力，来到物质世界参与那些会影响到元素世界的事件。为此他准备了一个能派上用处的形态，既存在于我们的物质世界，又存在于物质世界之外。他的物理形态来自于我们的物质世界，又像牛又像人，有蹄和手，这个外表象征着他的力量、速度与狡猾。他戴着的鼻环则暗示了他侍奉于一位藏在幕后的主人，而这个世界对他来说不过是元素世界的影子。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_spirit_breaker_bio"	"Barathrum the Spirit Breaker is a lordly and powerful being, a fierce and elemental intelligence which chose to plane-shift into the world of matter to take part in events with repercussions in the elemental realm that is his home. To that end, he assembled a form that would serve him well, both in our world and out of it. His physical form borrows from the strengths of this world, blending features both bovine and simian--horns, hooves and hands--as outward emblems of his inner qualities of strength, speed and cunning. He wears a ring in his nose, as a reminder that he serves a hidden master, and that this world in which he works is but a shadow of the real one."
"npc_dota_hero_alchemist_bio"	"投身神圣的化学事业是黑酿家族的传统，但是年轻的拉泽尔无论是野心、创造力还是执着都可谓是前无古人。然而在他成年以后，他却将家族事业置之不顾，开始试着用炼金术制造黄金。如他大胆的名声所述，有一次他宣布要把一整座山全部变成金子。在浪费了二十年时间进行研究和准备后，他的炼金术在众人面前壮观地失败了，实验造成了大面积的破坏，很快他就被囚禁了。但是拉泽尔可不会向挫折屈服，他一直在寻找机会逃出去继续他的研究。当他的牢房来了一个凶猛的食人魔狱友后，他发现机会来了。说服食人魔不要吃他后，拉泽尔用牢房石地上生长的霉菌和苔藓为原料，仔细地调和着一种药酊，准备给食人魔服下。花了一周不到的时间，药酊似乎完成了。当食人魔喝下药剂后，它突然变得狂怒起来，像个无法阻挡的狂战士般，破坏了监狱的铁栏，冲破了墙壁和狱卒。很快他们就发现自己在城市外围的森林中迷路了，虽然留下了一路破坏的踪迹，但没有追兵的迹象。受到药剂后遗症的作用，食人魔显得很安详、快乐，也更热心了。决定合伙后，这对搭档再次出发去寻找拉泽尔炼金术试验所需要的材料。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_alchemist_bio"	"The sacred science of Chymistry was a Darkbrew family tradition, but no Darkbrew had ever shown the kind of creativity, ambition, and recklessness of young Razzil. However, when adulthood came calling he pushed aside the family trade to try his hand at manufacturing gold through Alchemy. In an act of audacity befitting his reputation, Razzil announced he would transmute an entire mountain into gold. Following two decades of research and spending and preparation, he failed spectacularly, quickly finding himself imprisoned for the widespread destruction his experiment wrought. Yet Razzil was never one to take a setback lightly, and sought escape to continue his research. When his new cellmate turned out to be a fierce ogre, he found just the opportunity he needed. After convincing the ogre not to eat him, Razzil set about carefully concocting a tincture for it to drink, made from the moulds and mosses growing in the prison stone work. In a week's time, it seemed ready. When the ogre drank the potion, it flew into an unstoppable berserker rage, destroying the cell bars and exploding through walls and guards alike. They soon found themselves lost somewhere in the forest surrounding the city with a trail of wreckage in their wake and no signs of pursuit.  In the tonic's afterglow, the ogre seemed serene, happy, and even eager. Resolving to work together, the pair set off to collect the materials needed to attempt Razzil's Alchemic transmutation once more."
"npc_dota_hero_invoker_bio"	"在创立之初，魔法本质上是一门记忆的艺术，有些人认为这才是其最强力的形式。它无需任何科技，也无需魔杖或者其他施法媒介，只需要你有一颗魔法师的心。所有的那些祭祀里面的象形符号也仅仅是帮助记忆的手段，初衷是为了让施法者能够回想起施放法术时那大量的细节以及步骤。在那个年代，最伟大的法师就是记忆天赋最高的人，然而魔法祈唤实在是太过艰深，因此所有的法师不得不有所专攻。即使是最刻苦的法师，将一辈子奉献给魔法，最多也只能掌握三到四个法术。普通的法师能掌握两个就心满意足了，而对于那些乡下的法师来说，只掌握一个法术也再正常不过——即使这样，在极少的真正需要使用魔法的场合，他还得借助魔典才能战胜自己的健忘。然而，在那些早期的施法者中，有一个例外，一个智力超群，记忆力惊人的天才，以祈求者的名字为人们所知。在年少时，祈求者就已经掌握了不下十种法术。是的，不是四五个，也不是七个，而是十个，而且他还能毫不费力的施放这些法术。他学到过更多的法术，但是因为觉得没用，试过一次以后就彻底从脑中遗忘，这样才能为其他更为有用的法术留出空间。这些法术就是包括永生之术——能让施法者永生的法术，那些在世界之初吟唱了这个法术的人现在还活得好好的（除非他们被物质毁灭了）。而大多数这样的准不朽者都低调的生活在我们中间，害怕他们的秘密泄露：然而祈求者不是一个喜欢隐藏自己的天赋的人。他来自远古，比任何人都要博学，而他的心智还有余力让他去思考他无穷的自我价值...以及更多的法术——他在世界毁灭之时的漫长暮色中用来自娱自乐的法术。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_invoker_bio"	"In its earliest, and some would say most potent form, magic was primarily the art of memory. It required no technology, no wands or appurtenances other than the mind of the magician. All the trappings of ritual were merely mnemonic devices, meant to allow the practitioner to recall in rich detail the specific mental formulae that unlocked a spell's power. The greatest mages in those days were the ones blessed with the greatest memories, and yet so complex were the invocations that all wizards were forced to specialize. The most devoted might hope in a lifetime to have adequate recollection of three spells--four at most. Ordinary wizards were content to know two, and it was not uncommon for a village mage to know only one--with even that requiring him to consult grimoires as an aid against forgetfulness on the rare occasions when he might be called to use it. But among these early practitioners there was one exception, a genius of vast intellect and prodigious memory who came to be known as the Invoker. In his youth, the precocious wizard mastered not four, not five, not even seven incantations: He could command no fewer than ten spells, and cast them instantly. Many more he learned but found useless, and would practice once then purge from his mind forever, to make room for more practical invocations. One such spell was the Sempiternal Cantrap--a longevity spell of such power that those who cast it in the world's first days are among us still (unless they have been crushed to atoms). Most of these quasi-immortals live quietly, afraid to admit their secret: But Invoker is not one to keep his gifts hidden. He is ancient, learned beyond all others, and his mind somehow still has space to contain an immense sense of his own worth...as well as the Invocations with which he amuses himself through the long slow twilight of the world's dying days."
"npc_dota_hero_silencer_bio"	"作为一支精心呵护的传承血脉中第七代也是最后一代的成员，诺崇从小就被一个叫做风蚀之寒的古老组织抚养，为的是让他成为世界上技艺空前的大魔法师。他就是预言中那个天选者，两百年来，先人在配偶和繁衍时谨慎无比，积累了数代的优秀血统，就是要培养出一个能够为组织带来无上荣誉的战斗法师，同时，毁灭他们的死敌：教会骑士团。组织在哈扎达尔废墟旁的山上的一个隐秘营地中抚养着一群和诺崇一样年轻的法师，导师们一直在等着诺崇展现自己独特的天赋。然而，就当其他学徒都开始施展并提升自己的火系、冰系、变形系魔法的时候，诺崇仍然是沉默的坐在那里，其貌不扬，连变形术都不会。随着最终考核日的临近，他身上仍然一点魔力都没有。导师们厌恶地斥责了他，其他人则大声的嘲笑着。“你根本不是法师。”组织的领袖大声的宣布。然而，诺崇并没有灰溜溜的走掉。他进入了比赛场，俯视着那些嘲笑他的年轻法师们，随后，他让这些人以及他们的导师们明白了一个重要的道理：魔法之极，唯寂方至。诺崇将那些所谓的天才法师们一个接一个的沉默，让他们不得不和他近身搏斗，直到最后，赛场中站着的只有他一个人，正如预言所说，他是风蚀之寒的首席法师。随后，他走出群山，走进大陆，现在的他有一个全新的名字：沉默术士，一切魔法，遭遇了他，都将归于寂静。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_silencer_bio"	"Part of the seventh and final generation of a carefully designed pedigree, Nortrom was bred by the ancient order of the Aeol Drias to be the greatest magic user the world had ever seen. He was the prophesied one, the culmination of two-hundred years of careful pairings, a war-mage who would bring glory to the order, and destruction to their sworn enemies, The Knights of the Fold. 
Raised with other young mages in a hidden cantonment among the hills of the Hazhadal barrens, the order's preceptors waited for Nortrom's abilities to manifest. While the other students honed their talents with fire, or ice, or incantatory spells, Nortrom sat silent and talentless, unable to cast so much as a hex. As the day of final testing approached, he still hadn't found his magic. In disgust, the preceptors berated him, while the children laughed. \"You are no mage,\" the head of the order declared. Still, Nortrom did not slink away. He entered the day of testing and faced down the young mages who had mocked him. And then his preceptors learned a valuable lesson: a lack of magic can be the greatest magic of all. Nortrom silenced the young mages one by one and defeated them in single combat, until he alone stood as champion of the Aeol Drias, in fulfillment of the prophecy."
"npc_dota_hero_obsidian_destroyer_bio"	"一个高傲且强横的种族中的一员，先兆者，徘徊于虚空裂隙，他是整个世界与创世深渊之间唯一的卫士。在这充斥着星体残片的殁境中，他凝视着天穹，警觉的提防着繁星之外那无底深渊中的任何骚动。在他非凡的智慧中，深藏着对先兆的敏锐洞察力和强烈共鸣，他心中那曲黑暗的协奏曲暗示着：总有一天，在这深渊之中，在那造化之外，会有某种东西醒来，并且注意到我们的世界。由于太专注于监视星体，殁境神蚀者对太阳附近的事件并不关心。然而，随着遗迹发出战争的召唤，随着心中那潜在的危机感不断扩大，殁境神蚀者展开双翼，向着我们的世界飞来。在预言中，先兆者的地位不言而喻：他的出现即是灾厄的征兆。何况，他已然亲临。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_obsidian_destroyer_bio"	"One of a lordly and magisterial race, Harbinger prowls the edge of the Void, sole surviving sentry of an outpost on the world at the rim of the abyss. From this jagged crystalline Outworld, forever on guard, he has gazed for eternities into the heavens, alert for any stirring in the bottomless night beyond the stars. Imprinted deep in the shining lattices of his intellect lies a resonant pattern akin to prophecy, a dark music implying that eventually some evil will wake out there, beyond the edges of creation, and turn its attention to our world. With his whole being focused on his vigil, Outworld Devourer paid little attention to events closer in to the sun. But at last the clamor of the Ancients, and a sense of growing threat from within as well as without, sent him winging sunward to visit the plains of war. Harbinger's place in our own prophecies is unambiguous: he must be considered an omen of worse things to come. But his arrival in itself is bad enough. "
"npc_dota_hero_shadow_demon_bio"	"在那些能够直接进入现实世界肆虐的强大恶魔中，末日使者几乎不理会那些低等物种的琐事，影魔来到世间只是为了他的灵魂收集。而暗影恶魔则一向对这个世界有着浓厚的兴趣，他似乎觉察到对两个世界之间坚定联系的掌握可能是统治整个物质世界的关键所在。一开始，暗影恶魔是被一些低级巫师召唤的，他满足了他们所有的愿望，展现出惊人的法力，直到一些高级恶魔学家注意到他的存在，进而一些试图通过巫术来维持他们世俗统治的暴君、独裁者们也开始利用他的恶魔之力。暗影恶魔的欺诈之术高明至极，以至于那些召唤他的人都认为自己是主人，暗影恶魔只是他们的奴仆；而就在同时，暗影恶魔不停地吞噬着他们的神智，并为己所用。到了最后，那些召唤过他的人，都成了他的傀儡，为他那邪恶的意志卖命。没人能猜到暗影恶魔下一步究竟想要做什么，然而就在那时，影魔偶然间吞噬了一个充满着恶臭的灵魂，发现里面竟然有着暗影恶魔的痕迹。在意识到暗影恶魔即将对他们的统治造成威胁，依靠阴影契约维持的古老的平衡已经不复存在以后，末日使者和影魔立刻加入到摧毁暗影恶魔傀儡大军的力量中。在他们那不可思议的力量面前，暗影恶魔几百年的精心谋划毁于一旦，他的傀儡大军也遭到瓦解——所有人都被杀死了。到最后，只有他自己的一点碎片残留了下来。然而，即使是一点碎片，也足以让他卷土重来。在接下来的几百年里，他开始缓慢的重新凝聚。他的碎片将触碰到的一切事物感染，而这种感染则逐渐滋生壮大。那些以前被撕裂的，现在被感染的部分通过一片混沌结合在一起，重新连接，给予了暗影恶魔一个比以前更加强大的形态。他几乎已经凝聚完成，而他那永久统治世界的计划也更加的周密。虽然我们的世界似乎不可能出现一个如此邪恶和恶毒的存在，这将是对所有生命的巨大威胁……然而，暗影恶魔的信徒，依然众多。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_shadow_demon_bio"	"Among the sovereign Demons with explicit access to this world, Doom scarcely bothers with the affairs of Noninfernals and Lesser Spectral Consorts, while Shadow Fiend passes through almost exclusively on collecting expeditions. The Shadow Demon, however, has always taken a deep and abiding interest in the material plane, as if sensing that mastery of this gritty dimensional nexus might be the key to total domination of all realities. Summoned first by minor wizards, the Shadow Demon granted every wish and put on increasingly impressive displays of power until he had the full attention of the greatest demonologists, and through them the various lords, tyrants, autarchs and heirophants who depended on sorcery to buttress their mundane power. So great was his deception that all his summoners considered themselves the master and Shadow Demon the servant; meanwhile, he eroded their identities and made their minds his own. In the end, most members of the cult were hollow puppets, extensions of his evil will. What Shadow Demon's next step would have been remains open to speculation, for around this time, Nevermore the Shadow Fiend bit into a particularly nasty-tasting soul and discovered that it held nothing but a foul nougat of Shadow Demon's essence. Alerted that a coup was underway, and that the ancient equilibrium of the Umbral Pact was about to be destabilized, Doom and Shadow Fiend briefly joined forces to destroy the burgeoning cult. Combining spells of incredible force, they undid Shadow Demon's centuries of patient work, reducing his cult to smithereens--and all its members to a bloody splatter. Nothing remained except a tiny speck of demon shadow. Immortal and irreducible, this mote of evil was enough to seed the Shadow Demon's next scheme, and in fits and starts, over further centuries, he began to regroup. Whatever that speck of shadow touched, it tainted, and its influence gradually grew. A chaos of damaged parts pulled together, reknit, and combined to give Shadow Demon a form even stronger than his former. He is all but complete now, and his plan for infinite dominion lacks all of its former weaknesses. It would seem that such a being of pure malice and malevolence, a threat to all creation, would be forever out of place in our world...yet Shadow Demon does not lack for followers. "
"npc_dota_hero_chaos_knight_bio"	"作为一名被上千个世界中无数战斗洗礼过的战斗大师，混沌骑士来自一个遥远的上层位面，在那里，宇宙的基本法则都能被直接感知到。在所有的法则中，混沌是最古老且最不知疲倦的——永无休止的搜寻着被他称为“光”的存在。很久以前，“光”违抗初始之契约离开了起源的世界，在其他世界开始了他的旅途。现在混沌骑士在一个个位面之间穿梭，无论到哪里，他永远都在搜寻然后抹杀“光”的存在，将其无数次的抹杀，然后进入下一个位面继续他的搜索。带着自己的铁甲战马“天劫”，带着疯狂的暴怒冲进战场，从宇宙的混乱中吸取力量。他就是混沌在物理位面的化身，并在有需要的时候他会召唤其他位面的自己，这群黑暗骑兵的齐冲如同自然之力一般无法阻挡。只有当一个世界中所有“光”的存在都被彻底消灭，他的搜寻才会结束。混沌骑士的铁蹄所到之处，死亡随之同行。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_chaos_knight_bio"	"The veteran of countless battles on a thousand worlds, Chaos Knight hails from a far upstream plane where the fundamental laws of the universe have found sentient expression.  Of all the ancient Fundamentals, he is the oldest and most tireless, endlessly searching out a being he knows only as \"The Light.\"  Long ago the Light ventured out from the progenitor realm, in defiance of the first covenant.  Now Chaos Knight shifts from plane to plane, always on the hunt to extinguish the Light wherever he finds it.  A thousand times he has snuffed out the source, and always he slides into another plane to continue his search anew.  
Upon his steed Armageddon he rides, wading into battle with maniacal frenzy, drawing strength from the disorder of the universe.  A physical manifestation of chaos itself, in times of need he calls upon other versions of himself from other planes, and together these dark horsemen ride into battle, as unstoppable as any force of nature.  Only when the last Light of the world is scoured from existence will the search be ended.  Where rides the Chaos Knight, death soon follows."
"npc_dota_hero_ogre_magi_bio"	"普通食人魔的愚蠢正是一句俗话“蠢的像一袋石头一样”所形容的。在自然状况下，一只食人魔完全没有能力做任何事或下决定。他们不仅邋遢至极，有时一只食人魔还会发现自己吃完一头动物后居然被困在它的皮囊里。食人魔并非社会性生物，经常有人发现他们大岩石或者树桩亲昵的依偎在一起，显然是将这些东西错认成了他们的同类（这也许可以解释食人魔的低繁殖率）。然而，每一世代的食人魔中，都会诞生一只双头的食人魔魔法师，一出生就会立刻被授予传统名字：阿格隆·碎石者，这个名字属于它们种族历史上第一个以及或许是每一世代中唯一有智慧的食人魔。有两个脑袋的食人魔魔法师发现他可以比其他只有一个脑袋的生物更高效的行事。尽管食人魔魔法师无法赢得任何辩论（即使和它自己），但它天生就属于傻人有傻福，这命运中的意外收获让这个无法供养自己的种族在敌人的威胁和恶劣的天气下能繁荣起来。就好像是幸运女神对这个平均智商低下的种族的特别眷顾一样，她赐予了他们食人魔法师。她还能怎样呢？真是可怜的家伙们。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_ogre_magi_bio"	"The ordinary ogre is the creature for whom the phrase 'As dumb as a bag of rock hammers' was coined. In his natural state, an ogre is supremely incapable of doing or deciding anything. Clothed in dirt, he sometimes finds himself accidentally draped in animal skins after eating lanekill. Not an especially social creature, he is most often found affectionately consorting with the boulders or tree-stumps he has mistaken for kin (a factor that may explain the ogre's low rate of reproduction).  However, once every generation or so, the ogre race is blessed with the birth of a two-headed Ogre Magi, who is immediately given the traditional name of Aggron Stonebreak, the name of the first and perhaps only wise ogre in their line's history. With two heads, Ogre Magi finds it possible to function at a level most other creatures manage with one. And while the Ogre Magi will win no debates (even with itself), it is graced with a divine quality known as Dumb Luck--a propensity for serendipitous strokes of fortune which have allowed the ogre race to flourish in spite of enemies, harsh weather, and an inability to feed itself.  It's as if the Goddess of Luck, filled with pity for the sadly inept species, has taken Ogre Magi under her wing. And who could blame her? Poor things."
"npc_dota_hero_lycan_bio"	"贝恩霍勒出生在高贵的安布里家族——古老的斯洛姆王国中最伟大的贵族。在凋零之秋以前，国王的欲望愈发的奇怪，朝廷也逐渐被法师和江湖术士占领，而安布里家族则第一个起来反对王权的贪得无厌。他们不再对国王效忠，不再对国家纳贡，而是派出了一支六千人的军队去进攻王城，结果，在史称“变节者之殇”的大屠杀中，这些人被尽数除掉。接下来发生的就完全印证了古语中常说的：打蛇打七寸，擒贼先擒王：叛变将国王激怒了，他将安布里家族的家主和其幼子贝恩霍勒抓住，然后将所有安布里家族的人杀得一干二净。在皇家法庭的审判中，国王命令他的法师将安布里领主的幼子施法变成狼，然后咬断他父亲的喉咙。“动手！”国王下令，“这样他也能尝尝被人背叛的滋味！”强大的魔法被施放到了贝恩霍勒身上，这个孩子当时就变成了狼。然而，尽管躯体转变，他的心智尚存，他将看守撕成了碎片。为了将这只猛兽赶走，国王付出了一队骑士的生命。安布里领主在加锁中大笑着，甚至当国王将剑刺入其身体后仍狂笑不止。现在，安布里家族唯一的子嗣，贝恩霍勒，以狼人的形态游荡着，半狼半人，追寻着，他所失去的公义。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lycan_bio"	"Banehallow was noble-born to the house of Ambry, the greatest of the landed castes in the old kingdom of Slom. Before the Fall, as the King's wants grew strange, and his court grew crowded with sorcerers and charlatans, the house of Ambry was the first to rise against the avarice of the throne. No longer willing to pay homage and fealty, they instead sent six-thousand swords into the capital, where they were wiped out in the Massacre of the Apostates. And then came the teeth behind the old truth: When you strike a king's neck, you had better take his head. Enraged by the betrayal, the king exterminated the vast Ambry bloodline, sparing only the lord of the house and his youngest son, Banehallow. Before all the royal court, with the disgraced lord chained to the ornate marble floor, the King bade his magicians transform the boy into a wolf so that he might tear out his own father's throat. \"Do this,\" the king said, \"so that Lord Ambry will understand the bite of betrayal.\" Powerful magic was invoked, and the child was transformed. But though his body was changed, his spirit remained intact, and instead of biting the exposed neck of his father, he attacked his handlers, tearing them to pieces. A dozen of the King's knights perished under the wolf's teeth before they managed to drive it off into the night. Lord Ambry laughed from his chains even as the King ran him through with a sword. Now the heir to the lost house of Ambry, Banehallow wanders the trail as the Lycan, part warrior, part wolf, in search of justice for all that he lost."
"npc_dota_hero_lone_druid_bio"	"早在有史可考的年代之前，德鲁伊巨熊部落就已经形成。他们天生就是智者，专注于探索和理解自然秩序。自然之力注意到了他们，并找到了他们中最有学识的一位，睿智的老悉拉，巨熊部落的先知和仲裁者，脱颖而出。它走到悉拉面前，将生命之种交给了他，并且告诉他：“当世界变得昏暗，当文明不再繁荣，当荒漠延伸到世界的尽头，那就种下这粒种子。”获得了自然之力的信任以后，悉拉感到自己的活力又回来了，岁月的痕迹也消失无踪，他原本渊博的学识更加广袤。同时，他发现自己能够将自己的意愿变成现实，甚至，在专注的情况下，能够改变自己的物质形态。然而，关于生命之种的谣言却给他的部落和人民带来了灾难，恐怖的战争席卷了整个部落，将其毁于一旦。家园被毁，悉拉带着自己的责任，逃到了荒野。随着时间的流逝，巨熊部落以及生命之种的故事已经在岁月长河中被人遗忘。几万年来，悉拉一直在等待，等待神谕，等待永世争斗的结束，等待他流浪宿命的终结，等待他神圣使命的实现，同时准备着消灭那些敢于阻挠他的事物。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lone_druid_bio"	"Long before the first words of the first histories there rose the druidic Bear Clan. Wise and just they were, and focused in their ways to seek an understanding of the natural order. The arch forces of nature saw this, and so sought the most learned among them. Wise old Sylla, clan justiciar and seer, stepped forward for his kin, and to him was given the Seed with these words: 'When all of the world has dimmed, when civilization has left these lands, when the world is slain and wracked by the endless deserts at the end of ages, plant the Seed.' As he grasped his trust, Sylla felt his years recede and his vitality returned. Vast knowledge burst into his mind. He found himself able to project his very will into reality and, with some concentration, alter his own physical form as well. Yet subtle whispers and cruel ears brought word of the Seed and its power to other peoples, and a terrible war crashed upon the Bear Clan. As his ancestral home burned, Sylla took his burden and fled to the wild places. Ages passed, and time and myth forgot the Bear Clan, forgot Sylla and the Seed, forgot wondrous civilizations that rose and fell in Bear Clan's wake. For millenia Sylla has waited, waited for word from his deities, waited for peace to come to the ever warring realms, waited in exile and in secret for the end of all things and for the conclusion of his sacred commitment, preparing himself always to face and destroy whatever would dare threaten his purpose."
"npc_dota_hero_brewmaster_bio"	"几个世纪以来，在悲叹山脉的深处，在废弃之都底部的避世村庄里，古老的奥尤社一直在进行他们神圣的沉思，通过在盛大的节日时喝醉来达到与魂灵的深度交流。曼吉克斯，神与凡人的孩子，是村中第一个拥有神之天赋，凡人之精气的天纵之才。他从小就与社中最伟大的学者一同学习，并最终通过不停的努力，获得了挑战酒仙——族群中最受尊敬的称号——的权利。
酒仙之战是饮酒和搏斗同时进行，连续九天，曼吉克斯都在不停的豪饮并且和上一任酒仙搏斗。到了晚上，他们则都是站立不稳，步履蹒跚的打斗，直到上一任酒仙终于一醉不起，曼吉克斯成为了新的酒仙。如今，年轻的新任酒仙召唤了奥尤社祖先之力，使整个族群更加迅猛。当他使用魔法的时候，他就变身为祖先的模样。正如之前的所有酒仙一样，曼吉克斯也踏上了自己的征途，向着唯一的目标前进。他走遍大陆，以酒启迪心灵，找寻着古老的族群分裂的原因——同时寻找着能够将精神和物质位面重新结合起来的方法。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_brewmaster_bio"	"Deep in the Wailing Mountains, in a valley beneath the Ruined City, the ancient Order of the Oyo has for centuries practiced its rites of holy reverie, communing with the spirit realm in grand festivals of drink.  Born to a mother's flesh by a Celestial father, the youth known as Mangix was the first to grow up with the talents of both lineages.  He trained with the greatest aesthetes of the Order, eventually earning, through diligent drunkenness, the right to challenge for the title of Brewmaster, that appellation most honored among the contemplative malt-brewing sect.   
As much drinking competition as mortal combat, Mangix for nine days drank and fought the elder master.  For nine nights they stumbled and whirled, chugged and struck, until at last the elder warrior collapsed into a drunken stupor, and a new Brewmaster was named.  Now the new, young Brewmaster calls upon the strength of his Oyo forebears to speed his staff.  When using magic, it is to his spirit ancestors that he turns.  Like all Brewmasters before him, he was sent out from his people with a single mission.  He wanders the land, striving toward enlightenment through drink, searching for the answer to the ancient spiritual schism.  Hoping to think the single thought that will unite the spirit and physical planes again."
"npc_dota_hero_disruptor_bio"	"在狂风肆虐的杜鲁德大草原高处，有一位年轻且富有天赋的风暴术师，他被人称作干扰者，并第一个参透了夏日风暴的秘密。由于经常受到季节性的暴风袭击和南方文明王国的侵略，几个世纪以来，高地人一直都在这片无尽的高原上为生存而挣扎。他们是一个伟大的文明破碎后遗留下来的堕落部族，他们那奇特而神秘的控制风暴的技术，拼凑自那些支离破碎的连他们自己都不能完全理解的失落知识。对于居住在高原地区的人们，气候已经成为了一种信仰，被作为生命的授予者和终结者而崇拜。雷电风暴所带来的大雨是维持生命所必需的，但这是有代价的，每次雷电风暴结束时，总会留下一些烤焦冒烟的尸体。尽管在他的族群中还很卑微，但干扰者无所畏惧，永不满足的好奇心是他的动力。尽管还对风暴技术一窍不通也没有自己的坐骑，但他还是去探索了祖先城市的遗迹，在崩塌的建筑和早已腐朽的图书馆中搜索着，在生锈的制造车间中到处翻寻。他找到了需要的东西，然后返回了部族。将古时设计的线圈重新改编后，他获得了操纵电荷的能力，现在可以在任何他想要的地方召唤雷电。部分依靠魔法，部分依靠工艺技术，他的能量圈内束缚着能掌控生与死的力量，用来精确打击南方王国的侵略者和任何闯入这片古老高地之人。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_disruptor_bio"	"High on the wind-ravaged steppes of Druud, a gifted young stormcrafter called Disruptor was the first to unlock the secrets of the summer squalls.  Constantly under assault from both seasonal storms and encroachment from civilized kingdoms to the South, the upland Oglodi have for centuries struggled to subsist atop the endless tablelands.  They are the fractured remnant of a once-great civilization, a fallen tribe, their stormcraft strange and inscrutable, cobbled together from scraps of lost knowledge which even they no longer fully understand.  For those on the high plain, weather has become a kind of religion, worshiped as both the giver and taker of life.  But the electrical storms that bring life-sustaining rains arrive at a cost, and many are the charred and smoking corpses left in their wake.  
Although small for his kind, Disruptor is fearless, and driven by an insatiable curiosity.  As a youth, while still unblooded and without a stryder, he explored the ruins of the ancestral cities, searching through collapsed and long-moldering libraries, rummaging through rusting manufactories.  He took what he needed and returned to his tribe.  Adapting a coil of ancient design, he harnessed the power of electrical differential and now calls down the thunder whenever he wishes.  Part magic, part craftsmanship, his coils hold in their glowing plates the power of life and death--a power wielded with precision against the landed castes to the South, and any interlopers who cross into ancient Oglodi lands."
"npc_dota_hero_nyx_assassin_bio"	"在秘湮学院的禁断圣所中，在那些研究龙类遗传学论文和艰深晦涩的咒语书之间，藏有一本记录着古代昆虫学的珍贵书籍。这本凝聚了学者们心血的书里面记录了一种天生具有读心术的狂热圣甲虫，这种具有社会性的昆虫在七个位面的所以世界中都是独一无二的。和他领地中的其他幼虫不一样的是，司夜刺客的变形并不是被那种工兵般无聊乏味的思想所引领的。他的变化很特别，受到了夜神妮克丝的恩赐。他是天选者，被女神从万千族人中挑选出来并赐予了女神精华。他的族人大多都在虫后密室的黑暗祝福下死去，而后他出现了，有着犀利的读心术，尖刀般锋利的爪子和剃刀一样的下颚，通过空气感知着他身边的那些同类的想法。在所有的狂热圣甲虫中，只有他被最高存在召唤。在妮克丝的恩惠下，他变体了，重生了，被赋予了各种能力，去完成他的创造者唯一的要求：以女神之名杀戮。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_nyx_assassin_bio"	"Deep in the Archive of Ultimyr, shelved between scholarly treatises on dragon cladistics and books of untranslatable spells, there is an ancient tome of entomological curiosities.  Compiled by scholars, the book describes the telepathic talents of the zealot scarab, a strange species of social insect with abilities unique to all the seven planes.    
Unlike most grubs of his colony, Nyx Assassin did not arise from metamorphosis with the plodding thoughts and blunted appendages common to the worker caste of his kind. For his was a special transformation, guided by the grace of Nyx.  He was the chosen one, selected from the many and anointed with an extract of the queen goddess herself.  Not all survive the dark blessing of the queen's chamber, but he emerged with a penetrating mind, and dagger-like claws--his razor sharp mandibles raking the air while his thoughts projected directly into the minds of those around him.  Of all zealot scarabs, he alone was selected for the highest calling.  After his metamorphosis, he was reborn, by grace of Nyx, with abilities which shaped him for one thing and one thing only: to kill in the name of his goddess."
"npc_dota_hero_treant_bio"	"在遥远的西方之外，预兆之谷远方的群山中，蕴藏着一股强大的古老力量，一股隐藏在树木中，令人敬畏的力量之源。据说生长在这片区域的物种都很奇特。对于自然之力而言，这是一片神圣的土地，不为世人所知。这片土地上有着各种致命的陷阱和危险——吞噬一切的杂草，各式杂交的动物以及充满剧毒的花——不过这些都远远比不上强大的树精卫士。这些长生不老，体型巨大的生物终其一生都在维护这片土地的安静，保证没人能够侵犯这里，没人能够知道他们的秘密。他们已经守护这片圣地长达千万年，与外界秋毫无犯，对世界的变迁也不甚了了。然而不可避免的，外界逐渐的注意到了这片未开化的土地，随着时间的推移，外面世界的入侵者也愈发大胆。他们很快就带着工具来砍伐焚烧这片土地，而树精卫士们则在思考，这些脆弱却勤劳的生物到底是什么？那原本绿色的原野现在变成了什么样？数万年的疑问和怀疑通通浮现，从上古时期流传下来的传统开始被他们重新审视，同时，越来越多外面世界的人死在了这片土地上，成为了花草的养分。当所有的生物都商议完毕以后，他们达成了一致，对外界的好奇终究战胜了保守和审慎。他们决定：向外界派出一名树精卫士，肩负着将外界情况传达给他们的使命，观察外面那个变化的世界以及其中的生命，最重要的是，监视那些有可能威胁到他们神圣领地的一切危险。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_treant_bio"	"Far to the west, in the mountains beyond the Vale of Augury, lie the remains of an ancient power, a fount of eldritch energy nestled deep in the high woods. It is said that the things that grow here, grow strangely. To the forces of nature this is a sacred place, made to stay hidden and unknown. Many are the traps and dangers of this land.  There are all-consuming grasses, crossbred fauna and poisonous flowers, but none are so fierce as the mighty Treant Protectors. These ageless, titanic beings, charged with keeping the peace in this dangerous land, ensure that none within encroach without reason, and none without poach their secrets. For time untold they tended to their holy ground, uninterrupted, only dimly aware of the changing world beyond. Yet inevitably the wider world grew aware of this untamed land, and with each passing winter the outsiders grew bolder. Soon they arrived with tools to cut and with flames to burn, and often the Treants would ponder: who are these fragile, industrious creatures? What now had become of the wild, green world? There came and went an age of questions and of doubts, a thousand summers of long traditions set to scrutiny, while more and more the outsiders died and fed their earth. When all that bloomed had finally finished their say, curiosity had overcome caution. It was decided: a lone Protector would be sent into the wider world, and instructed to wander until the glaciers arose once more, to observe the changing land and its creatures, and to discover what unknown dangers could threaten their sacred ground."
"npc_dota_hero_naga_siren_bio"	"在鱼人卫士团的誓言中，有一句誓词最广为流传：鱼人永不败。事实上，这句话既是誓词，又是命令，所有失败的人都已经被放逐。鱼人族内不容败者。司里希丝曾经是她族群内最受尊敬的战士，多年来她一直指挥着一支军队，她最强力的武器就是她那让人畏惧的声音。强大，婉转，难以捉摸，她一直用她这一致命武器守卫着深海住民以及沉没之城中的财富。然而在克雷之役的最后一战中，面对着一帮想给他们的深渊之神献上财宝的狂热深海巨怪，她的军队节节败退。费尽千辛万苦抵御住攻击后，他们开始清理战场，却发现宝藏中镶嵌着珠宝的圣杯不见了。她的百人队中只有寥寥数人活了下来，然而同胞们的勇敢和牺牲却无关紧要了。重要的是他们的珍宝不翼而飞。他们的荣誉消散殆尽。娜迦海妖就这样遭到流放，她被放逐去寻回失窃的圣杯。不管她能够做出多少倍的补偿，她也注定不会被原谅，除非她带回了失窃的宝藏。她所失去的荣耀，千金难抵。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_naga_siren_bio"	"Among the high-sworn of the Slithereen Guard there is a solemn vow oft repeated before battle: No Slithereen may fail.  In truth, these words are equal parts oath and enforceable covenant, for those who fall short of their duty are banished from the order.  To fail is to be other than Slithereen.
Once most highly esteemed of her race, Slithice for many years commanded a battalion of her fellows, using her formidable voice as her greatest weapon.  Powerful, sinuous, serpentine, she led her deadly Guard in defense of the Deep Ones, and the great wealth of the sunken cities.  But in the final battle of Crey, her forces were driven back by a marauding army of levianths intent on finding tribute for their god Maelrawn.  After the long and bloody onslaught, as the bodies were cleared from the sunken halls, a single jeweled chalice was found missing from the trove.  Of her hundred Guard, only a handful survived, but their bravery and sacrifice were of little consequence.  What mattered was that treasure was taken.  Honor destroyed.  And so Naga Siren was cast out.  Banished to search for the stolen chalice.  Though she might add a hundred times her weight to the golden trove, she is doomed to live apart until that day she returns that which was taken.  For no amount of gold is equal in honor to the honor she lost."
"npc_dota_hero_rubick_bio"	"所有法师都会点魔法，其中一部分通过长时间的学习应该也能成为巫师，然而只有其中最有天赋的，才有资格成为魔导师。法师们都是一样，虽然相互认识，但却并不相互尊重。在整个魔法界，拉比克已经算是著名的斗士和学者，不过他自己也没想过自己是当魔导师的料，直到他第17次外出刺杀。他和往常一样将那些失败者从高台上抛下，轮到第12个人时，他猛然的发现自己的生命是如此的无趣。曾经很简单的短暂法术干扰或者空手召唤火焰都能让他兴奋不已，而现在对他来说已经是意料之中的事情。他渴求更大的挑战。于是，他戴上了战斗面具，做了每个试图超越的巫师都会做的事：扬言要杀死一名魔导师。拉比克很快就发现对一个魔导师宣战的后果就是对整个魔导师群体宣战，他们将愤怒倾泻在他身上。每个魔导师的咒语都是势不可挡的能量洪流，每次攻击都是精确的杀招。然而很快魔导师们就发现了一些诡异的事情：他们好像在被自己的法术攻击。魔法漩涡中隐约传来拉比克的轻笑，他隐秘的解读着魔导师们的法术，复制其中之一，然后用这个法术攻击另外一人，在魔导师之间制造着他精心编制的混乱。被背叛的愤怒开始在魔导师们中滋生，很快他们就开始相互攻击，因为他们也不确定究竟是谁攻击了自己。战斗终于停止，所有的魔导师都被他人的魔法灼烧，冻僵，甚至切成碎片，死伤惨重。拉比克则独自站在一旁，疲惫却欣喜，这次战斗让他获益颇丰。当他向隐修议会提出晋升的要求时，没有人敢置喙一句，议会中的幻寂十一长者一致同意，承认他为大魔导师。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_rubick_bio"	"Any mage can cast a spell or two, and a few may even study long enough to become a wizard, but only the most talented are allowed to be recognized as a Magus. Yet as with any sorcerer's circle, a sense of community has never guaranteed competitive courtesy.
Already a renowned duelist and scholar of the grander world of sorcery, it had never occurred to Rubick that he might perhaps be Magus material until he was in the midst of his seventh assassination attempt. As he casually tossed the twelfth of a string of would-be killers from a high balcony, it dawned on him how utterly unimaginative the attempts on his life had become. Where once the interruption of a fingersnap or firehand might have put a cheerful spring in his step, it had all become so very predictable. He craved greater competition. Therefore, donning his combat mask, he did what any wizard seeking to ascend the ranks would do: he announced his intention to kill a Magus.
Rubick quickly discovered that to threaten one Magus is to threaten them all, and they fell upon him in force. Each antagonist's spell was an unstoppable torrent of energy, and every attack a calculated killing blow. But very soon something occurred that Rubick's foes found unexpected: their arts appeared to turn against them. Inside the magic maelstrom, Rubick chuckled, subtly reading and replicating the powers of one in order to cast it against another, sowing chaos among those who had allied against him. Accusations of betrayal began to fly, and soon the sorcerers turned one upon another without suspecting who was behind their undoing.
When the battle finally drew to a close, all were singed and frozen, soaked and cut and pierced. More than one lay dead by an ally's craft. Rubick stood apart, sore but delighted in the week's festivities. None had the strength to argue when he presented his petition of assumption to the Hidden Council, and the Insubstantial Eleven agreed as one to grant him the title of Grand Magus."
"npc_dota_hero_wisp_bio"	"艾欧存在于所有地方和世间万物之内。敌人们诋毁它为灭绝者，学者们则尊崇它为闪动的神圣之眼，艾欧同时在所有位面存在着，它们可以在任何时候将自己身体的一小部分转化为物理存在。 

就像伟大的双子骑士“暗”与“光”，还有一位来历已淹没在时间中的远古旅者一样，精灵守卫艾欧也是宇宙的基本法则，比时间还要古老，来自凡人无法理解的领域。艾欧不仅仅是物质内部的吸引力和排斥力的结合，它是将实体连接在一起的电荷的直观体现。只有将这些力量进行可控的扭曲，艾欧才能在物理位面被人感受到。作为一股善意、乐于合作的力量，艾欧将它的力量与其它人绑在一起，让盟友的力量得到强化。它的心思深不可测，它的力量无法想象，艾欧在物理位面穿梭着，是神秘宇宙的完美体现。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_wisp_bio"	"Io is everywhere, and in all things.  Denounced by enemies as the great unmaker, worshiped by scholars as the twinkling of a divine eye, this strange Wisp of life-force occupies all planes at once, the merest fraction of its being crossing into physical existence at any one moment.  
Like the great twin riders Dark and Light, and yet another ancient traveler whose true history is lost to the ages, Io the Wisp is a Fundamental of the universe, a force older than time, a wanderer from realms far beyond mortal understanding. Io is nothing less than the sum of all attractive and repulsive forces within the material field, a sentient manifestation of the charge that bind existence together. It is only in the controlled warping of these electrical waylines that Io's presence can be experienced on the physical plane. A benevolent, cooperative force, Io bonds its strange magnetism to others so that the power of allies might be enhanced.  Its motives inscrutable, its strength unimaginable, Io moves through the physical plane, the perfect expression of the mysteries of the universe."
"npc_dota_hero_undying_bio"	"他残破的心，已不再记得自己的名，已不再记得自己的命。

他还依稀记得的，是盔甲，是战旗，是身边死去的兄弟。他还记得那场战役：一双给他带去痛苦和恐惧的苍白的手，将他从马上扯下。他还记得自己和兄弟们一起被扔进死亡之神那漆黑的深坑，还记得他被虚无吞噬时耳畔的挽歌。在深渊下的黑暗中，他们被时间遗弃，抛弃了思想，抛弃了理智，唯一尚存的，只有饥饿。他们以彼此残留的指甲和牙齿为食，唤醒了身体。这时挽歌传来，一开始很遥远，只是最轻微的感官体验，然后声音逐渐汇集，似乎铺天盖地永无止境，歌声似乎形成了一堵音墙，将他意识中所有想法都清除。随着自己被挽歌吞噬，他也向死亡之神张开了双臂，迎接自己的陨灭。然而死亡之神并没有选择毁掉他，而是让他投入战争，在一片惨然的虚无中，他被赋予了新的使命：让世界遍地哀鸿，让死者吞噬生命。他成为了不朽尸王，死亡之神的先驱，他的躯体永生不灭。在你的往生路上，会奏响他永恒的挽歌。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_undying_bio"	"How long has it been since he lost his name? The torn ruin of his mind no longer knows.
Dimly he recalls armor and banners and grim-faced kin riding at his side. He remembers a battle: pain and fear as pale hands ripped him from his saddle. He remembers terror as they threw him into the yawning pit of the Dead God alongside his brothers, to hear the Dirge and be consumed into nothingness. In the darkness below, time left them. Thought left them. Sanity left them. Hunger, however, did not. They turned on each other with split fingernails and shattered teeth. Then it came: distant at first, a fragile note at the edge of perception, joined by another, then another, inescapable and unending. The chorus grew into a living wall of sound pulsing in his mind until no other thought survived. With the Dirge consuming him, he opened his arms to the Dead God and welcomed his obliteration. Yet destruction was not what he'd been chosen for. The Dead God demanded war. In the belly of the great nothing, he was granted a new purpose: to spread the Dirge across the land, to rally the sleepless dead against the living. He was to become the Undying, the herald of the Dead God, to rise and fall and rise again whenever his body failed him. To trudge on through death unending, that the Dirge might never end."
"npc_dota_hero_visage_bio"	"面目狰狞的石像鬼庞大的身影蹲坐在狭窄迷宫的入口，永恒地凝视着通往往生之境的路径。无论走兽还是飞鸟，人类还是怪物，一切服从生老病死并选择进入冥府的生物终有一天会经过它们的面前。对于一个离开肉体的灵魂而言，一旦做出了穿过死亡幕帘的决定就再无回头之路。不过总有一些不安分的灵魂凭着智力或机巧，借着偶然的契机得以从天国或是地狱逃离。这时候，令人胆寒的石像鬼维萨吉，承载死灵飞龙不朽灵魂的形体，就会被派遣出去寻回他们。维萨吉精明强干又冷酷无情，不受死亡或是疲倦的支配。它无休无止、毫不留情地追踪它的猎物，一心只想摧毁一切逃亡灵魂的藏身之处。谁敢嘲笑冥界的法则，谁就永远不得安宁。虽然亡者的确可以被复活，但他们迟早会被维萨吉找到，并且遣送回他们本来该在的地方。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_visage_bio"	"Perched atop the entrance to the Narrow Maze sit the looming shapes of sneering gargoyles, the paths into the hereafter forever in their gaze.  Beasts and birds, men and monsters, all creatures that die and choose to travel beyond must someday pass beneath their sight.  For an untethered spirit, the decision to journey through the veil of death is irrevocable.  When chance comes, and by craft or cunning some restless soul escapes their hells and heavens, it is the dreaded gargoyle Visage, the bound form of the eternal spirit Necro'lic, who is dispatched to reclaim them.  Ruthless and efficient, unhindered by the principles of death and fatigue, Visage stalks its prey without mercy or end, willingly destroying all which may give shelter to the fugitive essence.  That which flaunts the laws of the afterlife may never rest, for while it is true that the dead may be revived, it is only a matter of time before Visage finds and returns them to their proper place."
"npc_dota_hero_keeper_of_the_light_bio"	"他座下是一骑白马，他是无尽千阳之辉，他就是光之守卫。早在许久以前，伊扎洛就挣脱了将他束缚在浩浩原初谐律之内的其他远古力量，从而由原始位面逃离，在宇宙的黎明，本是无形力量的他萌生了知觉。如今他高举承载着光之力量的辉光之杖，同时奔走在所有的位面，将追寻着他的混沌抛在身后。乍一看去，他似乎是一个无法稳坐于马上的衰朽老头，然而掩藏在这副外表下的却是他高贵的真身。只有在面对混沌和黑暗军团的挑战时，他的全部力量才会显现出来。原初之光从体内迸射而出的一刻，他也将再次化身为璀璨的力量之芒。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_keeper_of_the_light_bio"	"Upon a pale horse he rides, this spark of endless suns, this Keeper of the Light.  Ezalor long ago escaped the Fundamental plane, separating from the other ancient forces to which he was bound within the great Primordial harmony.  He is a power grown sentient in the dawn of the universe, and now rides forth in all planes at once, one step ahead of pursuing chaos, bearing his gift with him at the end of a radiant staff.  His majestic truth lies hidden beneath the outward appearance of a slightly doddering old man who barely stays in the saddle.  However, when faced with the challenge of chaos, or the forces of darkness, his primordial light bursts forth, and his full power is revealed, transforming him once again into a force to be reckoned with."
"npc_dota_hero_meepo_bio"	"“对我而言，生活就是你所知和所能发现的一切。当你住在裂影荒墟时，想要找到食物并不是一件容易的事。因此，你需要走捷径，你需要会忽悠，你需要对自己的能力充分了解。有些野兽能够杀掉你，那么你就需要躲开强壮的，捕杀弱小的。在荒墟之上，有过一段往事，一段对某些人意义重大的往事。曾经那里有个宫殿，他们在宫殿里面举行黑暗的仪式，非常邪恶。如果你从仪式中幸存下来，他们还会以击碎水晶的方式将你的灵魂撕裂成碎片。不过他们的艺术成就也很高，比如雕塑之类的。记住这点：如果你在某个时候发现了这些雕塑，一定把他们全拿到市场上去卖掉，然后你接下来的一周都不会饿肚子。如果你走运的话，你可能会发现影墟水晶，那赶紧找人帮你估价，多问问，总有人能帮你找到需要这玩意的疯子买主的。就算别人都不要，你也可以卖给城里的魔导师，他们喜欢这玩意。不过，不管你怎么做，一定要小心这些水晶，这玩意要是在你身上炸开，可是很疼的。”"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_meepo_bio"	"\"If you ask me, life is all about who you know and what you can find. When you live up in the Riftshadow Ruins, just finding food can be tough. So you need to cut corners, you need to scrounge, you need to know your strengths. Some of the beasts up there can kill you, so you need a way to trap the weak and duck the strong. On the upside, the ruins have history, and history is worth a lot to some people. There used to be a palace there, where they had all these dark rituals. Bad stuff. If you survived the ceremony, they would shatter a crystal and split your soul into pieces. They made great art though! Sculptures and such. Let me tell you: sometimes you stumble onto some of those old carvings. Take a pack full of those to town and sell them, then get yourself food for a few weeks. If luck is really on your side, you might find a Riftshadow crystal. Get it appraised and start asking around. Someone always knows some crazy fool looking for this kind of thing. If all else fails, sell it to a Magus the next time one's in town. They love that stuff. Still, whatever you do, be careful handling those crystals. You do not want one to go off on you. It really hurts.\""
"npc_dota_hero_magnataur_bio"	"杰尔拉克山的铸造大师们只对一件事达成了共识：半人犀牛的角比任何合金都要珍贵。而这些角中，形状最大、最为锋利的角属于被称作马格纳斯的野兽。在半个世代以来，马格纳斯的运动就是用角冲撞那些前来猎取他同胞的猎人。每次他回到洞穴，蹄上和角上都是血迹斑斑，直到族里的女族长要求他和他的族人在山脉阴影之外的北边寻找避难的居所，但是马格纳斯对此嗤之以鼻，他从未在守卫族人时倒下。他决定，半人犀牛将留在这个地方，因为他们从不相信侥幸...抑或是改变自己的主意。但是在杰尔拉克山毫无预兆地喷发时，他一半的族人都消失在烈火和烟尘中，马格纳斯终究还是改变了想法。幸存的族人开始向北边进发，结果遇到了由上百名装备着铁甲和弓箭的猎人组成的封锁线。马格纳斯不希望族人有伤亡，他率领着最为勇猛的兄弟姐妹向敌人发起冲锋，战斗中透着的那股狠劲儿只有他身后冒着熊熊烈火的火山才能相提并论。与此同时族里的老弱妇孺纷纷消失在战场的沙尘中。对于之后发生的故事铸造大师们众说纷纭。有人说他统一了他的族人，而其他人则声称他受了致命伤，倒在了女族长的身旁憾然离世。这些说法都不正确。他的确发誓要使族人重聚...但是要在找到使杰尔拉克山喷发的罪魁祸首，看着他们在自己的角上死去之后，因为半人犀牛从不相信侥幸或偶然。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_magnataur_bio"	"The master-smiths of Mt. Joerlak agree on only a single point: that the horn of a magnoceros is more precious than any alloy. And of all such horns, the largest and sharpest belongs to the beast they call Magnus. For half a generation, Magnus took easy sport goring hunters come to claim the treasures of his kin. Each time he would return to his cave with hooves and horns stained red, until his Matriarch urged him and all their kin to seek refuge to the north beyond the shadow of the mountain. But Magnus scoffed, having never failed to defend his people. The magnoceroi would stay, he decided, for a magnoceros does not believe in chance... nor does it ever change its mind. But when Mt. Joerlak erupted without warning, and half his kin perished in the fire and ash, Magnus changed his mind after all. The survivors pushed north, until they reached a blockade watched over by a hundred hunters armed with bow and steel. Magnus expected no less. He led his fiercest brothers and sisters in a charge against their enemies, and fought with a ferocity matched only by the fire-spewing mountain at his back. Meanwhile the magnoceros elders, mothers, and calves vanished into the drifts. The master-smiths are divided about what happened next. Some say Magnus reunited with his kin, while others claim he suffered mortal injuries and expired alongside the body of his Matriarch. Neither theory is correct. Magnus did vow to rejoin his kin...but only after seeking out those responsible for the eruption of Mt. Joerlak and watching them die upon his horn, for a magnoceros does not believe in chance."
"npc_dota_hero_centaur_bio"	"相传半人马所到之处，尸横遍野。对于名为战行者的半人马，这场面的确相当壮观。外界谣传，这杜鲁德大草原的四足部落里都是头脑简单，性格残暴的生物。他们虽有语言，但无文字；他们的文化没有图画记录，成型音乐，或是正式宗教。半人马认为，战斗是思想的完美阐释，自身实力的最高体现。如果杀戮是半人马部落中的艺术，那么战行者布拉德瓦登就是其中最伟大的艺术家。他获得主宰部落的地位是在古老的欧梅克斯竞技场，半人马部族千年以来聚集于此，行使他们格斗的权利。随着他声名远扬，不少观众都是不远千里前来目睹这名半人马的雄伟风姿。他总是第一个踏入竞技场，最后一个离开，在血肉横飞、刀光剑影中谱写着战斗的巨著。这是鲜血与钢铁织就的诗篇，飘扬在杀戮场上扬起的尘埃中。赛上暗淡的沙尘间看到的只有挥舞得眼花缭乱的兵器。

战行者将挑战者一个接一个地击败，直到竞技场里欢腾着他的名字，作为部族里无与匹敌的冠军，他感到异常孤独。他被授予竞技场的巨大腰带，系在他伟岸的身躯上。但是这死亡艺术家在他的胜利中只感到空虚。没有挑战的战士还有什么意义？那天强大的半人马就这样带着全新的目标奔出了欧梅克斯竞技场。在他的族人中，战行者是踏入竞技场中最为强大的战士。现在他要证明，自己是有史以来最为强大的斗士。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_centaur_bio"	"It's said that a centaur's road is paved with the corpses of the fallen.  For the one called Warrunner, it has been a long road indeed.  To outsiders, the four-legged clans of Druud are often mistaken for simple, brutish creatures.  Their language has no written form; their culture lacks pictographic traditions, structured music, formalized religion.  For centaurs, combat is the perfect articulation of thought, the highest expression of self.  If killing is an art among centaurs, then Bradwarden the Warrunner is their greatest artist.  He rose to dominance on the proving grounds of Omexe, an ancient arena where centaur clans have for millennia gathered to perform their gladiatorial rites.  As his fame spread, spectators came from far and wide to see the great centaur in action.  Always the first to step into the arena, and the last to leave, he composes a masterpiece in each guttering spray, each thrust of blood-slickened blade-length.  It is the poetry of blood on steel, flung in complex patterns across the pale sands of the killing floor.
Warrunner defeated warrior after warrior, until the arena boomed with the cheering of his name, and he found himself alone, the uncontested champion of his kind.  The great belt of Omexe was bestowed, wrapped around his broad torso, but in his victory, the death-artist found only emptiness.  For what is a warrior without a challenge?  The great centaur galloped out of Omexe that day with a new goal.  To his people, Warrunner is the greatest warrior to ever step into the arena.  Now he has set out to prove he is the greatest fighter who has ever lived."
"npc_dota_hero_slark_bio"	"除了水下住民，暗黑之礁很少为世人所知晓，这是座沉没之牢，关押的都是犯下滔天罪行的海洋生物。这座监牢外围装满了倒钩，里面充斥着心狠手辣的鱼人，狡猾歹毒的深海住民还有嗜杀同类的南海人。在这阴暗的迷宫中，鳗鱼四处巡逻，巨大的海葵担任着守卫的工作，在里面想不死就只能为恶。斯拉克被投入暗黑之礁的罪名已经不得而知，他在里面待的半生泯灭了亲情和良知，信任的只有自己，信奉的生存之道是鬼祟的行动和冷酷的心肠，他的脑海中不断酝酿自己的想法和计划。当臭名昭著的暗黑之礁十二恶棍密谋着越狱时，他们完美地将计划保密，发现蛛丝马迹的人都被他们杀害-但是他们的阴谋不知怎么的被斯拉克发现了，他在这计划中给自己找到了容身之地。越狱过程中十个恶棍遭到击毙，剩下两个被擒获，押回了暗黑之礁，作为那里犯人们的消遣活动被处以极刑。但是斯拉克，无名的第十三个越狱犯，利用暴乱作掩护逃之夭夭；永获自由。现在斯拉克隐居在紧靠影承废墟南部的食肉红树林灌丛中，迄今为止，他仍是唯一成功从暗黑之礁越狱的逃犯。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_slark_bio"	"Little known to the inhabitants of the dry world, Dark Reef is a sunken prison where the worst of the sea-bred are sent for crimes against their fellows. It is a razor barbed warren full of murderous slithereen, treacherous Deep Ones, sociopathic meranths. In this dim labyrinth, patrolled by eels and guarded by enormous anemones, only the vicious survive. Pitched into Dark Reef for crimes unknown, Slark spent half a lifetime without kin or kindness, trusting no one, surviving through a combination of stealth and ruthlessness, keeping his thoughts and his plans to himself. When the infamous Dark Reef Dozen plotted their ill-fated breakout, they kept their plans a perfect secret, murdering anyone who could have put the pieces together--but somehow Slark discovered their scheme and made a place for himself in it. Ten of the Dozen died in the escape attempt, and two were captured, hauled back to Dark Reef, then executed for the entertainment of their fellow inmates. But Slark, the unsung thirteenth, used the commotion as cover and slipped away, never to be caught. Now a furtive resident of the carnivorous mangrove scrub that grips the southern reach of Shadeshore, Slark remains the only successful escapee from Dark Reef."
"npc_dota_hero_shredder_bio"	"直到现在瑞兹拉克的脑海中仍然还萦绕着那尖叫声。他原来的工作是马不停蹄地转动扳手，扭紧螺丝，搭建模型，切割模具，锻造机器。睡眠离他而去；他终日都在制造机器的工作中度过。就这样，他把自己关在了他叔叔的工坊里。一晃数月过去，工作即将完成，他马上就能得到解放。一天，他抬了抬直掉的眼皮，站起来揉了揉背，看着窗外预兆湾那徐徐的波浪，上面竟飘来了满满的花朵，花朵开始爆裂，变成了花粉云团，直奔肺部而去，碰到的人纷纷倒地。他被呛地一激灵，睡意顿时一扫而空。之后几个小时工坊里尽是抑扬顿挫的磨刀声，他将一套巨大的刀刃磨得锃亮。他的脑海里满是邻居因窒息而死青筋暴起的惨状，被花树包围的房屋。但预兆湾的花潮相比潮水过后城墙外的哀鸿遍野就不值一提了。不过他眼里这套锯齿机器强大而富有安全感，他抱着这一丝希望，这样逐渐模糊的意识里才没有被恐惧全部占据。城市里遍地可见花枝和鲜血。在城市毁灭时，瑞兹拉克逃离了那些能够行走战斗还会杀人的花树。花树毁坏了城门，涌入城市。预兆湾最后召集的守卫也被他们肆意碾压践踏，寥寥无几的难民后面花树还在紧紧地追赶。虽然瑞兹拉克的头脑还是一片混沌，但是他静悄悄地从机器手臂里拽出一根巨大的链条，双手颤抖着检查了每个节点，用战栗的手指按了按链条末端的钢爪。这套锯齿机器已经就绪待命。

他颤颤巍巍地用双手将这浑身带着刀刃的机器启动。恐惧，无论是萦绕已久的恐惧还是他接下来要面对的恐惧都在驱使着他，他还怀有让自己头脑冷静的希望。随着机器的震动开始运转，他知道他必须面对这恐惧，他也知道这恐惧他一点也不想要。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_shredder_bio"	"Rizzrack could still hear the screams in his mind.  He worked, frantically turning wrenches, twisting screws, building and carving and forging.  Sleep eluded him; he only built.  Months had passed since he had shut himself in his uncle's workshop, and his deliverance was nearly complete.  He rubbed his back as his eyes drifted shut, and saw a blanket of flowers floating on the placid waves of Augury Bay before exploding into a cloud of pollen that silenced lives as it seized the lungs.  He woke with a choking start.  For hours the rhythmic sound of a whetstone filled the shop as he sharpened a set of massive blades, his mind filled with images of strangling vines garroting neighbors, enwrapping homes.  The flooding of Augury Bay had been nothing compared to the violent horrors the waters left to take root beyond the city walls.  But the saw-suit would make him strong and safe he thought, allowing himself this sliver of hope before the full might of his fear crashed into his fading mind.  Branches and bark and blood.  When the city fell, Rizzrack fled trees that walked, and fought, and killed.  Trees had shattered the gates and swarmed into the city.  Trees had crushed and thrashed and stomped the last that Augury Bay could muster in defense, and stalked the few fleeing refugees.  In addled silence Rizzrack unspooled the thick chain from the suit's arm, his hands quaking as he inspected each link and ran a trembling finger along the claw attached at its end.  The saw-suit was ready.
With his hand trembling he sparked the bladed machine to life.  Terror drove him, terror of what awaited him and of what he would have to face to have any hope of calming his mind.  As the saw-suit shuddered to life he knew he must face this fear, and he knew he wouldn't like it one bit."
"npc_dota_hero_medusa_bio"	"无上的力量即为绝伦的美貌。美杜莎的心中一直靠着这样的想法得以慰藉——她在蛇发女妖三姐妹中年纪最小，也是海洋女神的女儿中最为可人的尤物——因为只有她跟姐妹们不一样，她是凡人。这反而救了她的命，那一天，一群蒙面之徒侵入了蛇发女妖居住的领域，将她两个不朽之身的姐姐从家里拖走，对她们的美貌还是泪水都无动于衷。其中一个入侵者也抓住了美杜莎，但是厌恶地看了一眼后就推向了一旁：“这女的散发着凡胎的臭味。我们可不要。”美杜莎受尽了凌辱，满腔愤懑地逃向了母亲所在的神庙，在女神面前哭诉自己的遭遇。“您拒绝赐予我永生—因此我乞求您，赐予我力量！有了力量我就可以去拯救姐姐们，为受到的不公复仇！”经过长时间的考虑，女神接受了她女儿的请求，美杜莎无与伦比的娇美相貌变成了象征着可怕力量的脸孔。但是她一刻也没有对自己的抉择后悔。她明白，睥睨万物才是值得拥有的美貌—这才是能够改变世界的力量。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_medusa_bio"	"Beauty is power. This thought comforted Medusa--the youngest and loveliest of three beautiful Gorgon sisters, born to a sea goddess--because she alone of the sisters was mortal. It comforted her, that is, until the day masked assailants invaded the Gorgon realm and tore the two immortal sisters from their home, unmoved by their beauty or by their tears. One of the invaders seized Medusa as well, but then cast her aside with a disgusted look: 'This one has the mortal stink upon her. We have no use for that which dies.' Humiliated, enraged, Medusa fled to the temple of her mother and cast herself before the goddess, crying, 'You denied me eternal life--therefore I beg you, give me power! Power, so I can dedicate what life I have to rescuing my sisters and avenging this injustice!' After long thought, the goddess granted her daughter's request, allowing Medusa to trade her legendary beauty for a face and form of terrifying strength. Never for a moment has Medusa regretted her choice. She understands that power is the only beauty worth possessing--for only power can change the world."
"npc_dota_hero_troll_warlord_bio"	"激怒巨魔是非常轻松的一件事情。巨魔这个种族的特点是容易动怒，喜爱争斗，靠着争吵和打架度日，不会错过任何话茬扯着嗓门与人争辩。男性巨魔在女族长的统治下在地下洞穴长到成年，终日饭来张口，游手好闲。通常在成年后他们还会待上数年，女族长继续负责他们的吃喝拉撒。当年轻的巨魔最终离开地下的洞穴时，他们会找到同类三两成群，组成团伙四处游荡，高声抱怨各种琐事。

既然巨魔生性爱吵架，可以想象下一只巨魔因为太难相处被族人赶走是件多么稀罕的事。比如巨魔战将的经历，来自霍文林地深处的巨魔商人。他听不得他人的三言两语，说话又十分刻薄粗暴，即使是其他巨魔也发现难以与他相处。特别是有一次劫掠后他一个劲地数落同伴的不是，把大部分战利品都霸占了，他的同伴们终于忍无可忍。他们把矛头都指向他，用棍棒痛扁了一顿，还把他赶出了露营聚集地。他因为这次驱逐暴跳如雷，第二天回去的时候已经全副武装，一个接一个地把同伴杀光。接着他立下血誓：此后成为一支战斗力量为自己卖命。现在他以巨魔战将的称号在世界上游荡，言语尖酸，动作凶猛，作为一支单兵军队高高在上的得力战将。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_troll_warlord_bio"	"It's an easy thing to offend a troll. A prickly and contentious race, trolls thrive on argument and strife, missing no excuse to raise their voices in dispute. Males grow to maturity in subterranean chambers beneath their matriarch's domicile, feeding and amusing themselves while contributing nothing. Often they stay for years beyond the age of maturity, while the matriarch provides them with sustenance. When young trolls are finally pushed from their sub-chamber, they gather with others of their kind, forming roving gangs of malcontents who complain loudly about all manner of vexation.     
As much as trolls love to argue, imagine how rare it is for a troll to be driven from his own kind for being too difficult to get along with. Such was Jah'rakal's fate, a monger troll from deep in the Hoven. So deluded was he, so bitter and abrasive, that even other trolls found his company intolerable. After one particularly vitriolic outburst in which he claimed the lion's share of loot from their latest raid, his cohorts finally snapped. They turned on him, beat him with clubs, and drove him from the encampment. Enraged at his banishment, he returned the next day, armed with steel, and slew them all, one by one. He then swore a blood oath: he would ever after be a fighting force unto himself. Now he roams the world as the Troll Warlord, bitter and angry, the Imperial high commander of an army of one."
"npc_dota_hero_tusk_bio"	"那是场值得铭记的干架。当时号称“冰盾之惧”的巨牙海民尤弥尔，也叫钴蓝冰原的雪球大汉，他是唯一光明正大地打败刚背格斗家的战士，现在狼穴酒馆里只有他屹立不倒。原本是一场关于谁力气最大的酒吧小赌，结果那四名修士，一名铁匠还有六名来自霜寒军旅的一流士兵都被巨牙海民打得落花流水，酒馆里的桌椅瓶罐几乎都遭了秧。而他自鸣得意，端起酒杯一饮而尽。

倒地的输家们刚头脑有点清醒，他们又开始叫嚣着再来赌一把。巨牙海民心想着何乐而不为，但是其他人回想刚才他赢的那场，实在想不出还能打什么赌。这时酒馆老板已经被店里毁坏的物品吓得面无人色，极力想避免让他们再打一架，他有了个主意。尤弥尔尽管身怀绝技，但是他从未在真正的战斗中大显身手，没有在你死我活的战争混沌中证明自己。老板跟战士打了个赌：尽力寻找规模最大的战斗，不论所在阵营，获胜凯旋。赌注是？下一轮的酒钱。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_tusk_bio"	"It had been a brawl to remember. There stood Ymir, the Tusk, the Terror from the Barrier, the Snowball from Cobalt, the only fighter to have bested the Bristled Bruiser in a fair fight, and now the last man standing in Wolfsden Tavern. What started as a simple bar bet of supremacy ended with four regulars, a blacksmith, and six of the Frost Brigade's best soldiers writhing against the shards and splinters of almost every bottle, mug, and chair in the building. The Tusk boasted and toasted his victory as he emptied his brew.
No sooner had the defeated regained consciousness than the cries for double-or-nothing rang out. The Tusk was pleased at the prospect, but none could think of a bet bigger than the one he just conquered. Horrified at the damage to his tavern and desperate to avoid another brawl, the barkeep had an idea. As skilled as he was, Ymir had never taken part in a real battle, never tested himself against the indiscriminate death and chaos of war. He proposed a wager to the fighter: seek out the biggest battle he could find, survive, and win it for whichever side he chose. The stakes? The next round of drinks."
"npc_dota_hero_bristleback_bio"	"瑞格沃在打架时从不以背示人，他因与众多强大烦人的拳手进行的正面交锋为人称道。醉汉们给他冠以“钢背大师”的美名，从斯洛姆王国到厄泽王国的路上，沿途经过的所有酒馆他都插手了后院发生的斗殴。终于，一个寻求打手的酒吧老板注意到了他的英勇事迹。为了少许的酒钱，钢背兽帮酒馆收集账单，维护秩序，偶尔还能折断一两条腿，如果不走运的吐丝家伙碰到了他那就是五条。

在一晚痛快的干架中，钢背兽终于遇到了自己的对手，他眼看着酒馆的常客和老板身上都受了不少伤。“先生，你那长牙让我不爽。”他对着一个来自北方荒原，体型巨大的家伙醉醺醺地哼道。接下来就是场世纪大战。十多个斗士一拥而上。凳子无一幸免，最后不可思议的发生了：酒钱没付。数月过去，钢背兽的伤口愈合了，他的刺针也长回来了；但是执法者的名誉受损非常棘手。他自己拿钱付了账单，发誓要去追寻这个北方人，让他加倍偿还。然后他做了件之前从没做过的事：实际上他训练过，在训练中他对自己有了惊人的发现。他折了折自己的刺针后，嘴角扬起了一丝微笑。在战斗中背部迎人或许正好合适。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_bristleback_bio"	"Never one to turn his back on a fight, Rigwarl was known for battling the biggest, meanest scrappers he could get his hands on. Christened Bristleback by the drunken crowds, he waded into backroom brawls in every road tavern between Slom and Elze, until his exploits finally caught the eye of a barkeep in need of an enforcer. For a bit of brew, Bristleback was hired to collect tabs, keep the peace, and break the occasional leg or two (or five, in the case of one unfortunate web-hund).
After indulging in a night of merriment during which bodily harm was meted out in equal parts upon both delinquent patrons and his own liver, Bristleback finally met his match. \"Your tusks offend me, sir,\" he was heard to drunkenly slur to one particularly large fellow from the northern wastes whose bill had come due. What followed was a fight for the ages. A dozen fighters jumped in. No stool was left unbroken, and in the end, the impossible happened: the tab went unpaid. Over the weeks that followed, Bristleback's wounds healed, and his quills grew back; but an enforcer's honor can be a prickly thing. He paid the tab from his own coin, vowing to track down this northerner and extract redemption. And then he did something he'd never done before: he actually trained, and in so doing made a startling discovery about himself. A smile peeled back from his teeth as he flexed his quills. Turning his back to a fight might be just the thing."
"npc_dota_hero_skywrath_mage_bio"	"作为苍白之巢王庭的高阶法师，扎贡纳斯的生活非常困苦。他天生就宣誓保护荆棘王座之主，但是对现在的天怒女皇痛恨得咬牙切齿。身为出身高贵的年轻人，他与荆棘王座的第一继承人，天怒皇族的长公主曾是亲密无间的伙伴。他对她浓烈的爱意至死不渝，不过出于自身的身份，他全身心投入到奥术的学习中，努力去掌握天怒一族的法术。

由于对奥术的着迷，他没有发现王庭有人密谋背叛仙德尔莎，错失阻止阴谋的机会。在王庭的暴力政变瞬息而过，等他在如山的魔法书前抬起头来，发现他挚爱的老友已经无处寻觅。荆棘王座现在由仙德尔莎心肠歹毒的妹妹霸占，而扎贡纳斯无能为力。天怒法师拥有的魔力只会在他保护天怒皇族时才能掌控，所以奋起反抗荆棘王座只会让他一无是处。他坚守自己的岗位，相信总有一天他的真爱将回到应有的王位上。同时，仙德尔莎残破的肉体经由女神丝奎奥克的魔力成为复仇能量的化身，她也知晓天怒法师的暗恋。

在他梦想着让深爱的女皇重登苍白之巢时，他更渴望让仙德尔莎重拾健全的肉体形态。天性品行高尚，宅心仁厚的他侍奉王庭时阳奉阴违的举动让自己苦恼不已；但是最要命的是，想象着复仇之魂内心因为立场的对立而对他无比憎恨，他痛彻心扉。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_skywrath_mage_bio"	"A highly placed mage in the court of the Ghastly Eyrie, Dragonus lives a troubled existence. Sworn by birth to protect whoever sits within the Nest of Thorns, he hates the current Skywrath queen with all his soul. As a youth, high-born, he was a friend and companion to the eldest Skywrath princess, Shendelzare, first in line for the Nest. He had loved her warmly and unshakably, but as his studies took hold, his mind turned to arcane learning and the mastery of Skywrath sorcery.
		Obsessed with matters aetherial, he missed the mundane signs of courtly treachery that hinted at a plot against Shendelzare, and lost his chance to foil it. When the court was shaken by a swift and violent coup, he emerged from his studies to discover his oldest and dearest friend had been lost to him. The Nest of Thorns now belonged to Shendelzare's ruthless younger sister, and Dragonus could do nothing. The magic of the Skywrath Mage serves only the sworn protector of the Skywrath scion, so to act against the Nest would render him helpless. He clings to his post, believing it to be the best hope of one day restoring his true love to her rightful place. Meanwhile, his secret is known only to the goddess Scree'auk, whose magic it was transformed Shendelzare from a crippled physical creature into an embodiment of pure vengeful energy.
		While he dreams of restoring his beloved queen to the Ghastly Eyrie, he dreams even more desperately of restoring Shendelzare herself to a fully healed physical form. The duplicity of his role at court tortures him, for he is a noble and good-hearted creature; but the worst torture of all is imagining the hatred that Vengeful Spirit must hold in her heart for him."
"npc_dota_hero_elder_titan_bio"	"也许有人会问：“这个世界是如何形成的？”在所有现存世界中，为什么这个世界的属性如此奇特，如此多样化，其中的生物，文化和传说更是数不胜数呢？“答案，”有人低语道，“就在于巨神们。”

这些原初的先祖在宇宙形成伊始就已在世——即使他们并非创世的见证，他们降世时耳中也是回荡着创世的巨响。带着宇宙原初力量的印记，他们最大的愿望是自己创世者的生涯能得到延续。所以他们转而承担了改造事物的任务：捶打、鼓风、加热、塑形，一切全凭意志。事物改造后如果失去了挑战性，他们就会提着工具转向自己，修正自己的思想，锻炼自己的灵魂，提高自身的忍耐力。现实本身就是他们锻造的终极目标。但是，在这样的过程中，他们有时也会犯错。在施展雄图大志时，错误总是不可避免。

我们所知的上古巨神是伟大的创造者，他曾在创世的熔炉研习。在磨砺技艺时，他打碎了一样东西，无法修复、只能放弃的东西。他陷入了自己破碎的世界，这也是他自己破碎的灵魂。他 滞留所在的位面里全是参差不齐的碎片和漫山遍野的裂缝，还有其他从初生宇宙裂缝中散落的失落残片。这就解释了为什么众所周知的世界形似一座小岛，岛上尽是失事船只上的幸存者，现在这些落难之人早已在历史长河中被忘却。世人虽无记忆，但是自责的人除外。他将永世寻找方法去完成修复工作，寻找再次与他残破的灵魂结合的方法，寻找修复世人和世界的方法。这就是我们所知的上古巨神。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_elder_titan_bio"	"Well may you ask, \"How did this world take its form?\" Why of all the worlds in creation, has this one its strange properties, its diverse and motley collection of creatures, cultures and lore? \"The answer,\" One whispers, \"lies with the Titans.\"
		These original progenitors were there near the Beginning--if not actual witnesses to the creation, then born with it still echoing in their ears. Stamped with the earliest energies of the universe, they wished nothing more than to continue as creators themselves. Thus they bent to the task of shaping matter to their will: hammering and heating, bending and blasting. And when matter proved less challenging than they liked, they turned their tools upon themselves, reshaping their minds and reforging their spirits until they had become beings of great endurance. Reality itself became the ultimate object of their smithing. Yet, along the way, they sometimes erred. In cases of great ambition, mistakes are unavoidable.
		The one we know as the Elder Titan was a great innovator, one who studied at the forge of creation. In honing his skills, he shattered something that could never be repaired, only thrown aside. He fell into his own broken world, a shattered soul himself. There he dwelt among the jagged shards and fissured planes, along with other lost fragments that had sifted down through the cracks in the early universe. And this is why the world we know resembles an isle of castaways, survivors of a wreck now long forgotten. Forgotten, that is, by all but the One who blames himself. He spends his time forever seeking a way to accomplish the repairs, that he might rejoin the parts of his broken soul, that we and the world alike might all be mended. This is the One we know as Elder Titan."
"npc_dota_hero_abaddon_bio"	"魔霭圣池，一个处于原初群石的裂缝，从中带有先兆力量的蒸汽不断溢出，作为家族力量的源泉，已经惠及数个世代。在居住于洞穴中的魔霭家族，每个新生儿都会在暗黑迷雾中接受沐浴，经过这样的洗礼，他们与大陆的神秘力量获得了内在的联系。随着他们长大，内心坚信自己的使命是誓死保护世袭的传统和领域的风俗——实际上他们守护的不过就是圣池本身。而迷雾的作用原理尚不明朗。

当初生的亚巴顿沐浴在圣池中时，众人都表示事情并不对劲。孩子的双眼里闪耀出洞察之光，在场所有人都大吃一惊，神父们纷纷交头接耳。而他之后的成长道路与所有魔霭族裔的传人并无差别——为战争接受训练，在危机时刻需要他挺身而出，率领家族的军队守卫先祖的大陆。但是亚巴顿总是特立独行。其他人挥着武器训练时，他喜欢在迷雾前沉思。他饱吸从圣池中涌出的蒸汽，开始学习将自己的灵魂与家族深处流出的力量相融合；他变成了被暗黑迷雾笼罩的怪物。

魔霭家族怨气冲天——不论老小都谴责他对自己的责任视而不见。但是亚巴顿驾临战场时，不满全都烟消云散，他们目睹了迷雾的强大力量让他恣意挥洒着生杀大权，族内任何领主都是望尘莫及。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_abaddon_bio"	"The Font of Avernus is the source of a family's strength, a crack in primal stones from which vapors of prophetic power have issued for generations. Each newborn of the cavernous House Avernus is bathed in the black mist, and by this baptism they are given an innate connection to the mystic energies of the land. They grow up believing themselves fierce protectors of their lineal traditions, the customs of the realm--but what they really are protecting is the Font itself. And the motives of the mist are unclear.
		When the infant Abaddon was bathed in the Font, they say something went awry. In the child's eyes there flared a light of comprehension that startled all present and set the sacerdotes to whispering. He was raised with every expectation of following the path all scions of Avernus took--to train in war, that in times of need he might lead the family's army in defense of the ancestral lands. But Abaddon was always one apart. Where others trained with weapons, he bent himself to meditation in the presence of the mist. He drank deep from the vapors that welled from the Font, learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the House; he became a creature of the black mist.
		There was bitterness within the House Avernus--elders and young alike accusing him of neglecting his responsibilities. But all such accusations stopped when Abaddon rode into battle, and they saw how the powers of the mist had given him mastery over life and death beyond those of any lord the House had ever known."
"npc_dota_hero_ember_spirit_bio"	"悲叹山脉中无人问津的角落里，有一座荒废已久的光火堡。堡内演武堂已经空无一人，校场里满是落叶和灰尘。门窗禁闭的光火殿里放着一口玉石大釜，装满了灰烬，这是当年战争诗人——炘的火葬之地。炘培养了整整三代卫火盟的弟子，从修身养性的真经，到强身健体的武艺，炘悉心教导在堡外闯荡所需的一切本领。然而，作为众多弟子的师傅，他也不得不对付弟子在外惹来的敌人。在炘的暮年，他不敌对手，惨遭兵解。堡内的弟子在此后也奔走各方。一晃之间，数十年乃至数百年转瞬而过，弟子们不断地开枝散叶，而他的教义在口口相传之下慢慢地消逝。后来燃烧天神，一位好学的火神，被他传承的师德所打动，下凡来到了光火堡，重新点燃了灰烬。闪耀的余烬之中，炘的脸庞慢慢浮现，火焰环绕之下他显得格外沉静。为了让知识之火得以燎原，为了让寻求指引的世人接受教导，他已准备就绪。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_ember_spirit_bio"	"Lost within the Wailing Mountains, the Fortress of Flares lay abandoned, its training halls empty, its courtyard covered in leaves and dust. Upon a dais in its sealed temple rests a topaz cauldron filled with ancient ash, remnants of a pyre for the warrior-poet Xin. For three generations, Xin taught his acolytes the Bonds of the Guardian Flame, a series of mantras to train the mind and body for the harsh realities beyond the fortress walls. However, in teaching a warrior's way he earned a warrior's rivals, and in his autumn Xin was bested and slain. His followers spread to the wind. Yet as years turned to centuries and followers to descendants, his teachings endured by subtle whisper and deed. Touched by the teacher's lasting legacy, the Burning Celestial, inquisitive aspect of fire, cast himself to the Fortress of Flares and reignited the pyre ash. From these glowing embers emerged an image of Xin, wreathed in flame, his thoughtful countenance prepared to train and to teach, and to spread the fires of knowledge to all who seek guidance."
"npc_dota_hero_earth_spirit_bio"	"陆地上悬崖和峭壁之间的深处，有一层早已被高地矿工放弃的圣玉层。考林将军的雕像就是采用这种材料打造，深埋在地底，引领着一支数以万计的兵马俑。武士俑、军吏俑、说唱俑等等一应俱全，经过工匠的精心雕刻后在大地黑暗的怀抱中沉睡了上千年。

而工匠们没有想到的是，这奇玉之中流转着大地本身的灵魂——与星球一致的元素之力。当玉雕之灵发现自己与世界的生命隔断后，它就在千年的时光中汇聚自己的力量，最终冲上了地面，进入了光明。现在，伟大的大地之灵考林从容地走在地面之上，为大地而战；而土壤的深情怀抱之中埋藏着的大军将会受他召唤，变成残像横扫一切敌人。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_earth_spirit_bio"	"Deep amid the Upland crags and cliffs there runs a seam of sacred jade long foresworn by highland miners. From this rare material, the likeness of the great general Kaolin was carved and buried at the head of a stone funerary army ten thousand strong--a force of soldiers and holy men, jesters and acrobats, carved by crafstmen and entombed for millennia in the dark embrace of the Earth.
What the craftsmen had not known was that within the strange seam of jade flowed the spirit of the Earth itself--an elemental force at one with the planet. When the force within the carved jade found itself cut off from the life's blood of the world, it gathered its strength over the course of a thousand years and dug itself free and into the light. Now the great Kaolin Earth Spirit strides the Upland roads, fighting for the spirit of the Earth; and in times of need calls forth remnants of his buried army still locked in the loving embrace of the soil."
"npc_dota_hero_legion_commander_bio"	"这是全无征兆的一天。石堂城的城墙里突然传来一阵轰隆隆的声响，一团黑色云雾出现，数不尽的魔兽大军从中奔涌而出，他们的魔火和邪术让所有人措手不及。城内的老弱妇孺纷纷惨遭毒手。曾经所向披靡的石堂城军队，古铜军团闻讯火速赶来响应。他们由未尝一败的指挥官特蕾丝汀带领军团开进城内，只见沿途的巷道溅满了鲜血，市集燃起了熊熊大火。士兵们从敌人中杀出一条血路，到达这次入侵的源头：石堂城的城市广场，虚无裂隙在其中央，旁边则是魔军骇人的首领。

首领浑身笼罩着毁灭性的光芒，挥舞着一把大刀，他二话不说将一名士兵劈成了两半，只见尸首即刻开始腐烂。特蕾丝汀举起溅满鲜血的大刀，目光锁定在这怪物身上。他转过身来，对着她咧开嘴开始笑，牙齿乱得跟迷宫一般。他们全然不顾周遭的激烈战斗，向对方冲去。

两人迅速缠斗在一起。每个招数都被对方挡下，两人的拼死决斗就如舞蹈一般行云流水，古铜军团的士兵则在他们周围一一倒下。特蕾丝汀见对手一刀向她劈来，她纵身一跃，跳到了敌人的身后。局势就此出现了逆转。敌人见状不妙，马上变招，劈砍变成横切，从侧面向她切去，这时她刚站稳，马上为之一振见招拆招。两刀相碰，特蕾丝汀顺势使劲，将刀柄下满是节瘤的敌爪斩下，场上顿时血光一片。其他魔兽见到如此场面早已惊呆，特蕾丝汀趁机发动强攻，将她的长刀刺进敌人的心脏。魔物一声仰天哀嚎，震散了天上的乌云，他在痛苦的扭曲中化成了滚滚淤血。深渊的门户开始颤栗，维系裂隙的力量就如突现一样消失的无影无踪。剩下的入侵者也很快倒在了石堂城的铁骑之下。

尽管赢得了胜利，谁也没有心情庆祝：石堂城满目疮痍，伤亡无数。特蕾丝汀重新扬起战旗，召集了一群友军。她的愤怒随时都会爆发，誓要将深渊的魔物大军赶尽杀绝。谁敢作对，格杀勿论。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_legion_commander_bio"	"They came without warning. Within the city walls of Stonehall there came a rumble and a terrible sound, and from blackness unknown came a force of beasts numbering beyond count, wielding flame and foul sorcery, slaying and snatching mothers and sons to dark purpose. Of once-mighty Stonehall's military strength only the Bronze Legion, led by the indomitable Commander Tresdin, was near enough to answer the call of battle. They rode into their city, fighting through bloodstained alleyways and burning markets, cutting their way through the monstrous throng to the source of the sudden invasion: an ethereal rift within the city square, and at its precipice thundered their dreaded champion.
Enwrapped in a corrosive shimmer, the leader of the abyssal horde swung its massive blade, cleaving a legionnaire in two as his flesh began to spoil. Tresdin lifted her blood-stained sword and settled her sights on the beast. It turned, smiling at her through a maze of teeth. Heedless of the battle raging around them, they charged one another.
Deflecting blow after blow, the pair danced their deadly duel as the Bronze Legion met its end around them. Tresdin leapt forward as her foe swung its sword to meet her. The odds turned. The attack smashed into Tresdin suddenly, a brutal thrust from the side, but even as her balance slipped she rallied her strength for another stroke. Blade scraped on blade, beyond the hilt to the gnarled paw below, carving it in two in a fearsome spray of sparks and blood. The vile audience looked on in astonishment as she pressed the attack, driving her blade through her foe's flesh into the stampeding heart within. With a scream that split the clouds above, the beast erupted in a torrent of gore and anguish. The stygian portal wavered, the power sustaining the chasm beyond vanishing as suddenly as it had appeared. The remaining invaders fell quickly to Stonehall steel.
Though victorious, the survivors saw little to celebrate: the city lay in ruins, and survivors were few. Fires continued to spread. Unfurling her banners of war, Tresdin gathered what allies she could. Her anger smoldered as she pledged brutal vengeance upon the forces of the abyss, and damned be any who would dare stand in her way."
"npc_dota_hero_phoenix_bio"	"永世的黑暗中，光之守护者的第一个太阳之光轻微闪过，这一束有自我意识的光线注定要在虚空里发光发热。亿万年里，这一束炫目的光芒逐渐聚集了无穷的能量，爆发成了一颗超新星。在这烈火之中，如同其起源一样的光线向四下散射，穿越黑暗的海洋，到达各个星座。很快，这些光芒也将成为超新星，以同样的形式向外传递着光和热。这种奇迹一般的生命与重生将一直持续到创世神鬼斧神工的苍穹之上被完全点亮。在这无尽的轮回中，被凡人们称作凤凰的星星坍塌成型，和其先前的光芒一样，凤凰也一头扎入无尽宇宙，在其邻近的星系中散布光能。经过长久的轮回，逐渐有了意识，开始了解万物，机缘巧合下听闻有一处地方，由于宇宙的横生变故进行着经年累月的战斗。因此众星的新生儿化成了生物形态，渴望在最黑暗的地方闪耀他的光和热。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_phoenix_bio"	"Alone across an untouched darkness gleamed the Keeper's first sun, a singular point of conscious light fated to spread warmth into the empty void. Through aeons beyond count, this blinding beacon set to coalescing its incalculable energy before bursting forth the cataclysmic flare of supernova. From this inferno raced new beacons, star progeny identical to its parent, who journeyed an unlit ocean and settled in constellatory array. In time, they too would be made to propagate through supernova flame. So would this dazzling cycle of birth and rebirth repeat until all skies hewn of Titan toil deigned to twinkle and shine.
By this ageless crucible the star that mortals would come to call Phoenix collapsed into being, and like its ancestors was thrust into an endless cosmos to find a place among its stellar brethren. Yet curiosity toward that which the dimming elders comfort in the darkness consumed the fledgling, and so over long cycles it inquired and studied. It learned that among worlds both whole and broken would soon stir a nexus of remarkable variety locked in an enduring conflict of cosmic consequence, a plane which would find itself in need of more influence than a dying sun's distant rays could provide. Thus this infant son of suns took terrestrial form, eagerly travelling to shine its warmth upon those who may need it most, and perhaps seize upon its solar destiny."
"npc_dota_hero_terrorblade_bio"	"恐怖利刃是恶魔中的掠夺者——这个无法无天的魔头就连恶魔都惧怕三分。他曾因对恶魔领主动了贼念，无视了所有规范他行为的基本法则，触犯了七度地狱的所有法规。他被好好上了一课：原来还有比地狱更可怕的地方。接下来是短暂又残酷的审问，最终他被打入了荒邪之狱，这是一个隐藏的位面，恶魔们将它们的同类囚禁在这里。荒邪之狱并不是普通的监狱，这是现实的暗黑镜像，恶魔经过判决都到这里来直视他们自身灵魂中的扭曲倒影。然而恐怖利刃不但没有受苦，反而将自身最邪恶的倒影转化成了操控自如的力量，并将他的恐怖全数释放。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_terrorblade_bio"	"Terrorblade is the demon marauder--an outlaw hellion whom even other demons fear. A cosmic iconoclast, he stole from the Demon Lords, ignored the codified rites that should have bound his behavior, and broke every law of the seven Infernal Regions. For his crimes, he was taught this lesson: even Hell has a hell. A short, brutal trial ensued, with many dead on all sides, and he was finally incarcerated in Foulfell, a hidden dimension where demonkind imprison their own.
But Foulfell is no normal prison. In this dark mirror of reality, demons are sentenced to gaze eternally into the twisted reflection of their own souls. But instead of suffering, Terrorblade made himself master of his own reflected worst self--a raging, thieving demon of unimaginable power. With his inner beast under sway, he destroyed the fractal prison walls and burst free to turn his terror loose upon all creation."
"npc_dota_hero_techies_bio"	"在矿工湾流传很广的冒险故事里，背负最多骂名的莫过于爆破工程师。然后，矿工湾就在人世间消失了。还有起重港。还有猎手镇。事实上，如果稍微研究一下爆破工程师的历史，不难发现工程师只要出现在哪个城镇，这个城镇不久就会不复存在。

就跟工程师周围所有注定的灾难一样，矿工湾的消失是从一个发明开始的。爆破奇才斯奎、斯布林和斯布恩三人负责为地下矿井设计安全的引爆方式，他们发明了最为古怪的东西：一个按钮，摁下就能使远处的装置点燃引线。

由于他们急于测试自己的发明，三人用火盐炸药装了一桶又一桶，狭小的工坊里每个角落都堆满了刚研发的遥控炸弹。他们胡乱从炸弹堆里扯出一桶，埋到一个离得很远的地方。接着他们躲进了附近的壕沟，蜷缩着瑟瑟发抖。斯布林按下了引爆的按钮。然而过了一会儿，什么也没发生。他非常困惑，站了起来，反复地摁下按钮，终于，地上炸出了一个洞。斯奎和斯布林顿时欣喜若狂，可正当他们转身时，工坊方向传来了巨大的能量声波，他们直接被震倒在地。

出人意料的爆炸让他们耳鸣不已，也非常迷茫。他们走进灰暗的烟雾中，眼前只见工坊已经变成了冒烟的废墟。木材和石头一直在大块大块地掉落，前方的地洞越来越大，慢慢变成了一座深坑。整个矿工湾开始震颤，惊慌失措的居民四处奔逃，而城镇徐徐地滑入了地下矿井。而他们就坐在悬崖上，看着故乡沉没，三人张开嘴开始傻笑，也不在乎原来嘲笑他们的邻居是否注意到了他们。他们想知道的只有一件事情：这么强力的爆炸他们究竟是如何引发的？"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_techies_bio"	"In the storied saga of Dredger's Bight, no business has ever been more reviled than Techies Demolitions. Then again, Dredger's Bight no longer exists. Nor does Toterin. Or even Trapper Town. In fact, if one were to track the history of Techies Demolitions they might notice that shortly after Techies appear, towns tend to disappear.
Like every inevitable disaster surrounding Techies, the obliteration of Dredger's Bight began with an invention. Tasked with designing a safer way of detonating explosives in the mines beneath the city, pyrotechnic prodigies Squee, Spleen, and Spoon developed their most outlandish creation yet: a button which, when pressed, would trigger a distant device to spark a fuse.
Overeager to test their invention, the trio stuffed barrel after barrel with flamesalt explosives, piling every corner of their tiny workshop high with the newly developed remote bombs. From this stockpile they plucked a single payload, burying it in a far away field. As they cowered in a ditch, Spleen pressed the detonator button. Yet after a moment, nothing happened. Confused, he stood up, pressing his button again and again until, finally, an explosion tore a hole in the field. Elated, Squee and Spleen turned toward home just as a massive wave of sound and force arrived to knock them over.
Bewildered, their ears ringing from the unexpected blast, they gathered in the dingy miasma to see a smoking ruin where their workshop once stood. Chunks of wood and stone continued to fall as the yawning crater before them slowly deepened into an expanding pit. The whole of Dredger's Bight shuddered, and then gradually started to slide into the mines below as its panicked residents fled.
Sitting at the edge of their sinking home they grinned and giggled, as giddy at the possibilities as they were oblivious to the scorn of their former neighbors. They wondered only one thing: how could they trigger an even bigger blast?"
"npc_dota_hero_oracle_bio"	"长年以来，西姆瑞国的首席星官从位于狂徒山脉高耸顶峰的象牙孵巢引入他们的神谕者，他们先寄存初成的胚胎，待其长大成人，成为训练有素的先知后将被送还大铭王的门下。

所有认定的神谕者均由一群苍白巫女抚养长大，他们的肉体形态并未离开我们大多数人所处的位面；而在同时，他们的灵魂在遥远的时空徜徉，几乎不受太空中其他星体的影响。先知们从宇宙漫游中归来后，他们的血肉之口中说出的话语全是火焰。这些神秘的言词将由西姆瑞的解命师们进行分析，从中找到未来的景象，与他国的外交对策，所有超自然军火的所在，确保大铭王的军队无论是在王庭中，还是战场上都能取得所有战斗的胜利。就这样过了数个世代，大铭书上写满了君王的胜仗和他们开辟的疆土。时光如梭，名为奈里夫的神谕者前来侍奉当朝的最后一位大铭王。

从一开始，奈里夫的预言就与众不同。他的预言看起来不仅是预示未来，更是改造未来。这位怪异的预言家用低哑的嗓音说出了未来的外交对策，但并非回答解命师们关于敌国的提问，而在一夜之间，西姆瑞人发现自己与新的敌人产生了冲突。解命师们感到自己的权位受到了动摇，马上把这些不利的进展推到新来的神谕者身上。他们要求大铭王免去他的职位，并祈求巫女收回这个不擅预言的先知，再送来一位名符其实的神谕者。但是接下来就听奈里夫描述了一个不详的梦，梦见了孵巢的毁灭，而没多久就传来了古老的学院在雪崩灾难中湮灭的消息。解命师们害怕遇到苍白巫女一样的命运，急忙躲开神谕者的注意，逃到了他们的议事厅。

不过，大铭王是极其注重实用性的人。他怀疑他的解命师只是因为过分胆小才得出这样的结论。他的道理是，既然有这样一位世间少见的神谕者，应该善加利用，扩张版图肯定能事半功倍。因此他将这些胆小的议臣全部降职，并把奈里夫提拔为左右手。尽管对奈里夫的天赋只是一知半解，他还是大胆地说出了他想要的结果，并劝诱奈里夫在预言中说出他的愿望。

起初，一切都很顺利。末代大铭王吹嘘自己收养的是命运的宠物，命运已被他玩弄于股掌。在他准备入侵天欲国的领土时，他企图强迫神谕者为他做出胜利在望的预言，但是只听到奈里夫静静地咕哝着，“事情将朝着两个方向发展。”此外他从奈里夫的口中撬不出更加确凿的言语。他本应将此作为警示，但是他对自己的军队还是很有信心。天欲国地处内陆，军备落后，而且处于孤立无援的状态。他认为“事情将朝着两个方向发展”说的是他那强大的军队将会获胜，而对方只能战败。

当然，现在我们就知道，他当时应该多从字面上去理解。即使是仔细研究评注详实的编年史，当天发生在天欲国宫殿外的战斗场景还是无法想象。怪事是在屠杀进行到一半时发生的，战场开始出现分歧。在每个关键时刻，现实都进行了分裂，变成了碎片。身负重伤和已经阵亡的士兵都站了起来，迈着坚定的步伐前进战斗。他们的思维也进行了分裂，战士们发现自己同时处于活与死的状态，处于存在与消逝的状态。胜利和失败也出现了分裂，所以双方军队都同时感受到了这两种战果。整个位面就像变成了挂满镜子的大厅，而所有的镜子都在无尽地碎裂。

开战双方直接所受的影响就是丧失神智。由于无法理解同时处于获胜和落败的状态，大铭王的思想散成了疯狂的尘埃。天真的天欲王也没有好下场。对立的另一半现实继续重复着分裂，在无尽的历史中回响，而这些现实中所有的居民也开始困惑，没多久就无法进行传统意义上的进食、穿着、防卫或繁殖等行为。
然而，早在回响结束之前，谨慎的西姆瑞解命师们已经抓住了奈里夫，将他五花大绑，并塞住他的嘴巴，用一艘空间飞船把他送出他们的位面，希望能将他摆脱，永远不能害他们。毫无疑问，对他们来说已经太迟了。对我们来说也是如此。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_oracle_bio"	"Ascendants to the Great Seat of Cymurri had for ages imported their Oracles exclusively from the Ivory Incubarium, high in the hollow peaks of the Zealot's Range, with a downpayment made at the time of the embryo's conception and the balance surrendered on delivery of a mature, well-trained prophet to the Gate of the Graven King.
Raised by same Pallid Sybils who bred and birthed them, all sanctioned Oracles were anchored by their physical form to the world we most of us share; meanwhile, their souls roamed far afield, barely bound by the airiest astral umbilicus. From such cosmic roamings the prophets would return, speaking words of fire with tongues of flesh. Their mystic utterances were analyzed by the Cymurri Advisors, who found in them visions of the future, diplomatic advice, all the supernatural ammunition the line of Graven Kings needed to secure victory in every campaign, whether in the court or on the battlefield. Thus it went for generations, the Graventome's pages filling with the names of triumphant kings and the new domains they had acquired. So it went, that is, until the particular Oracle named Nerif arrived to serve the very last of the stone-helmed kings. 
From the first, Nerif's prophecies were unusual. They seemed not merely to portend the future, but to shape it. The weird soothsayer croaked out advice no one had requested, and suddenly the Cymurri found themselves immersed in conflicts with newfound enemies. The Advisors, sensing a threat to their power, were quick to pin these unwelcome developments on the latest Oracle. They demanded his removal, petitioning the Sybils to reclaim their defective prophet and replace him with a worthy substitute. But Nerif described an ominous dream of the Incubarium's destruction, and within hours came news of the ancient school's destruction in a catastrophic avalanche. Fearing the same fate as the Pallid Sybils, the Advisors withdrew to their counsel chambers, suddenly anxious to avoid the Oracle's notice. 
The Graven King, however, was a creature of great practicality. He doubted the commitment of his overprudent Advisors. An Oracle of such rarity, he reasoned, ought be used as a weapon to enlarge his domain. He therefore demoted his timid counselors and stationed Nerif at his side. With only a blunt understanding of Nerif's talent, he boldly stated the outcomes he desired, and coaxed Nerif into uttering his wishes as prophecy. 
At first, all was well. The Last Graven King boasted that by adopting Fate's pet, he had made a plaything of Fate itself. He should have taken it as a warning then when, on the eve of his invasion of the Unsated Satrap's realm, he attempted to coerce a prediction of certain victory from his Oracle, only to hear Nerif quietly mutter, \"It could go either way.\" No firmer statement could he force from Nerif's lips. Still, the King was confident in his army. The Satrapy was landlocked, poorly armed, and shut off from all possible allies. He took \"It could go either way\" to indicate that with tactical might on his side, there was little risk in his plan.
Of course, we now know that he should have taken the sayer's words more literally. Even with careful study of the Annotated Annals of If, what happened on the field before the Unsated Satrap's palace is almost impossible to visualize. It appears that in the midst of the carnage, the battle began to bifurcate. At each pivotal moment, reality calved and broke into bits. Soldiers who staggered and fell in battle also stood sure-footed, forging onward to fight. Their minds also split; the warriors found themselves both dead and alive, existent and non-existent. Victory and defeat were partitioned, so that each separate outcome was experienced in simultaneity by both armies. The universe became a hall of mirrors, with all the mirrors endlessly shattering.
The immediate effect on both parties was insanity. Unable to comprehend the state of being both triumphant and defeated, the Graven King's mind dispersed into motes of madness. The naive Satrap fared no better. The opposing paired realities continued to split and split again, echoing into infinite histories, all of them populated by a bewildered populace that soon lost the ability to feed, clothe, defend, or reproduce itself in the traditional manner. 
Long before the repercussions had played out, however, Cymurri's wary Advisors had seized Nerif, bound and gagged him, and launched him out of their universe at high speed on a dimensional barque, in the hopes of depositing him where he could do them no harm forever. It was, of course, too late for them. And may well be for us."
"npc_dota_hero_winter_wyvern_bio"	"就像许多伟大的诗人，傲洛斯只想用她的一生书写诗篇。可是寒冬飞龙在生活中不断受到干扰。古龙的史诗漫长而多彩，但是世上残存的龙族学者在有些人眼里不像他们的前辈那样博学，上个盛世之后，古龙的龙诗中只加入了寥寥数行。傲洛斯哀悼道，“生活之中，不应尽是制敌和赢敌，此点却被众人遗忘。我们必须穷己一生，追寻妙语隽言。”她开始着手探险研究，收集能激发灵感的书籍。不过这样的研究极大地分散了她的精力，用于写作的时间所剩无几。尽管她明白自己应当潜藏在巢穴中，为龙诗增添新的诗句，可她发现自己已陷入了一场史诗级战斗，面对着强大的敌人。她掠夺城堡，搜刮古代的图书馆...对于偶然得之的荣光，她告诉自己这仅仅是研究的一个副作用。事实上，由于她的技艺和力量在战场上过于神妙，她在学术上的努力并不为人称道。但是她不满足于撰写英雄的传说。她还想要去亲手缔造。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_winter_wyvern_bio"	"Like many great poets, Auroth just wants time to write, but the Winter Wyvern's life is full of interruptions. The epics of the Eldwurms have a long and colorful history, but some fear that the remaining dragon scholars are not as prolific as they once were, with few lines added to the Eldwurm Eddas since the last age of greatness. Auroth laments: \"We forget that there is more to life than triumph and dominion over enemies. We must also live our lives in the pursuit of creative expression.\" She embarks on research expeditions, collecting books for inspiration. But all this research can be terribly distracting, and she spends less time writing than she should. Although she knows she should be lurking in her lair, adding to the Eddas, she finds herself engaged in epic battles against powerful enemies. She loots castles, raids ancient libraries ... and if she happens to heap glory on herself in the process, she tells herself that it's merely a side effect of her research. The fact is, while her skill and power on the battlefield are legendary, her scholarly travails have thus far hardly been the stuff of literary acclaim. But she is not content to stand as a protagonist of heroic lore. She wishes also to create it."
"npc_dota_hero_arc_warden_bio"	"在万物的发源之前，有这样一个存在：一个原初意识，无穷无尽、无边无垠又神秘莫测。随着宇宙隆隆地形成，这个意识逐渐分裂，溃散。其中两个最大的碎片，被称为天辉和夜魇，发觉彼此是注定的冤家，他们开始扭曲所有造物，为他俩的斗争助阵。<br><br>
随着战事和灾厄威胁到新生的宇宙，又有个碎片形成了意识。将自己命名为泽特，这个智慧寻求大分裂的解决，让一切回归完美的统一。惊异于同胞相斗的天性，泽特聚集了自己所有的力量。在瞬间的闪光中，它的威力碾压了它的手足，将大战的双方封入了一个天球，再将他们推入黑暗，进入一个平凡世界的外围轨道。宇宙恢复了和谐，但是泽特的力量只有一丝得到了保留。将目光锁定到监牢上，泽特决定使用衰弱的力量时刻守望，直到时间的尽头。数不清的千年过去，守护一直存在。<br><br>
月下的世界中生命在繁衍生息，而散发柔光的月亮里囚禁的威胁早已被遗忘，就像泽特为了扼制他们所做的努力一样。随着监牢内囚徒无休的争斗不停地回荡，牢笼的表面开始震动，开始逐渐破裂。泽特衰竭的力量根本不足以控制住裂缝，月亮最终分崩离析。监牢中的远古住民向外逃逸，他们的冲突再度展开。<br><br>
泽特受到监牢爆炸的波及而被抛向最远的边际，昔日囚徒的不谐能量改变了它。它不再是单一的形态和思维，它的存在分裂而四散，有些较弱，有些较强，相互靠着短暂的意识弧光连接。挣扎着压制自身的不和，泽特向它同胞日渐激烈的冲突加速前进，同时矫正自己分裂的意识，向同一个结局努力：原初意识的所有方面必须再度结合，否则在大战全面蔓延后一切都逃不过毁灭的命运……"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_arc_warden_bio"	"Before the beginning of all, there existed a presence: a primordial mind, infinite, awesome, and set to inscrutable purpose. As the universe thundered into being, this mind was fragmented and scattered. Two among its greater fragments--who would come to be named Radiant and Dire--found themselves locked in vicious opposition, and began twisting all of creation to serve their conflict.<br><br>
As war and cataclysm threatened the nascent cosmos, the will of a third fragment made itself known. Naming itself Zet, this intellect sought to resolve the disharmony and return all to perfect unity. Appalled by its kin's conflicting nature, Zet gathered the sum of its power. In a sudden flash, it overwhelmed its siblings, and fused the warring aspects into a stellar sphere before hurling them into the darkness to orbit a nondescript world. Harmony was restored, though only the barest fraction of Zet's strength remained. Setting its gaze on the prison, Zet chose to use its weakened power to serve as watchful warden until time's end. For uncounted aeons, this vigil stood.<br><br>
Life flourished upon the world below, oblivious to the dangers imprisoned within the softly glowing moon, or of Zet's struggles to contain them. As the captives' eternal clash reverberated within, the surface of the prison shuddered, over time beginning to crack. Ultimately, Zet's depleted power proved insufficient to contain the breach, and at last the moon was shattered. The prison's ancient inhabitants had escaped to sow their conflict anew.<br><br>
Flung to the farthest reaches by the prison's explosion, Zet was transformed by the dissonant energies of its former captives. No longer of single form and thought, its presence had become split among many--some lesser, some greater--each connected by a fleeting arc of consciousness. Struggling to suppress its own disunity, Zet sped toward the burgeoning conflict of its siblings, bending its fractured wills toward a singular conclusion: the aspects of the primordial mind must be made to reunite, or all must be destroyed lest the conflict spread further..."
"npc_dota_hero_abyssal_underlord_bio"	"世上现存的神话还是诗歌都没有讲述过他们的到来。<br><br>在地表深处之下存在着未知的奇观和邪景。继续往下，在滚动的岩浆层和即将爆发的休眠火山之下，坐落着黑曜城市艾兹尤格，无与伦比的黑曜岩跨越了无穷无尽的洞穴。蜂窝状的城墙内填着无数奴隶的尸骨，而里面就是深渊大军，还有他们残酷的孽主维洛格罗斯的领地。<br><br>由凶暴的铸造师为其打造武器和铠甲，又精通黑暗之门的技艺，维洛格罗斯可以借助各世之间的扭曲召唤出焚骨扬灰的火焰和致人伤残的恶意。他永远都在寻求扩张自己的领土，摧毁或俘虏他遇到的一切。但地下之域存在的大陆少之又少，所以他的眼界开始向上发展。随着他的一声号令，第一波深渊侵略者穿过大门开始进军，劫数难逃的几个军团还不能证明地上界诸国的实力。现在，随着他的大军已经完全准备好无尽的征战，维洛格罗斯自己也踏入了阳光普照的世界，宣告他即将来临的统治。孽主面前必须臣服致敬，否则难逃消亡的噩运。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_abyssal_underlord_bio"	"Neither myth nor song exist to tell of their coming. <br><br>Deep below the surface of the world lay unknown wonders and horrors. Down and down again, well beneath the slithering magma fields and simmering roots of dormant volcanoes stands the obsidian city of Aziyog, its incomparable stonework spanning an endless cavern. Within honeycomb walls mortared with the bones of countless slaves lies the domain of the Abyssal Horde, and their brutal underlord Vrogros. <br><br>Armed by the monstrous forgemasters of his kind and well-practiced in the arts of the Dark Rift, Vrogros is able to conjure forth flame and crippling malice through the twist between worlds. He seeks always to expand his holdings, destroying or enslaving all he encounters. Yet the lands offered by the subterranean realm are few, and so his sights have turned upward. By his command the first waves of abyssal invaders have already marched through the rift, a few doomed legions meant merely to test the might of nations above. Now, as his full force readies itself for unending conquest, Vrogros himself steps into a sunlit world to announce his coming reign. Those who face the Underlord will bow and pay tribute, or be crushed where they stand."
"npc_dota_hero_monkey_king_bio"	"500年来，他被一座大山压得动弹不得，露在外面的只有头颅。这座石头打造的监牢是由古神降下，为的是镇压他不成熟的暴乱。苔藓开始顺着他脸上的纹路生长，青草从他耳朵里萌发；慢慢地，他的双眼只能看到脸颊旁的土壤里长出的野花。大多数人都以为，与天庭诸神决战后他已不堪凌虐而消亡，流传的只有他的传说。但是，跟故事里一样，齐天大圣是不死之身。<br><br>
他一直在等待。直到诸神前来，给了他一个改过的机会。他忍住了。诸神道出了重获自由的条件时，他接受了他们的任务：护送一名年轻的僧人踏上朝圣之路，一路上保护他不受邪魔外道所侵，并且助他带回价值连城的圣物。同时，为这个神圣的任务虚心接受凡人的调遣，这样才能证明自己的改过。<br><br>
为了寻求改变，悟空向诸神实现了他的誓言，救赎了昔日反叛的罪孽。僧人在历经多番苦难后带着圣物安然返回了故土；而孙悟空——发现自己第一次可以与众神平起平坐——愿意一时放弃对冒险和荣耀的渴望。但是齐天大圣生性不喜清静……而得罪众神也绝不无聊。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_monkey_king_bio"	"For 500 years the mountain pressed down upon him, only his head free from the crushing weight of the stonewrought prison the elder gods had summoned to halt his childish rebellion. Moss grew along the lines of his exposed face, tufts of grass sprouted from his ears; his vision was framed in wildflowers reaching from the soil around his cheeks. Most thought him long dead, tormented by the gods for waging war against the heavens until naught but his legend survived. But, as the stories go, the Monkey King cannot die.<br><br>So he waited. Until the gods came to offer a chance at absolution, he endured. And when they did come to name the price, Sun Wukong accepted their charge: he would accompany a young acolyte on a secret pilgrimage, protect him from demons and dangers of the road, and guide the man home in possession of a coveted relic. Do that, and humbly obey the human's commands in service to their holy mission, and Wukong would prove himself reformed.<br><br>For a change, Sun Wukong fulfilled his oath to the gods with honor, and atoned for the sins of past insurrections. The acolyte, much learned in hardships, was returned to his home temple, relic in hand; and Wukong-finding himself for the first time in proper standing with any gods of consequence-was content for a short while to give up his old thirst for adventure and glory. But the Monkey King was born for mischief...and offending the gods never gets old."
"npc_dota_hero_dark_willow_bio"	"孩子们喜欢讲仙女们古怪的冒险故事……那是因为孩子们不知道大多数仙女都是恶毒的混蛋。而在恶毒仙女的世界里，能比米瑞斯嘉·晴风这个名字招来更多蔑视的少之又少。<br><br>降生于一个仙灵商王的家庭，米瑞斯嘉自小在瑞文特尔长大；一个残酷的国度，权术和谋杀是常态。但她相当娴熟地操纵着生活中充斥的礼节，暗地的规矩还有社交仪式，她却发现所有事情是那么的无趣。<br><br>所以，米瑞斯嘉做了大多数叛逆的孩子都会做的事：烧掉家族的基业，带着宠物精灵杰克斯启程去做一个云游四方的欺诈师。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_dark_willow_bio"	"Children love telling stories about the whimsical adventures of fairies... That’s because children don’t know that most fairies are spiteful jerks. And in the world of spiteful fairies there are few names spoken of with more contempt than Mireska Sunbreeze.<br><br>Born to a fae merchant king, Mireska grew up in Revtel; a cutthroat nation where manipulation and murder were the norm. But while she was quite adept at navigating the etiquette, unspoken laws, and social rituals that permeated every element of her life, she found the whole thing rather boring.<br><br>So, Mireska did what most rebellious children do: burn down her family estate and set off with her pet wisp Jex to live the life of a wandering grifter."
"npc_dota_hero_pangolier_bio"	"英剑门中人，不论男女都是天天练剑习武、谈情说爱的生活。尽管所有人都恪守“冒险的一生才是有意义的一生”的信念，但唐特·培林的英勇事迹还是能令快乐至上的剑士们侧目。<br><br>没有他对付不了的怪兽。没有他搭讪不了的生灵。没有他反抗不了的暴君。也没有他辩驳不过的贵族。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_pangolier_bio"	"The men and women that make up the Nivan Gallants live a life of swordplay, chandelier swinging, and tawdry romance. And while all adhere to their creed that “A life of adventure is the only life worth living,” the exploits of Donté Panlin still manage to raise the eyebrows of even the most hedonistic of swordsmen.<br><br>There is no monster he won’t slay. No creature he won’t woo. No tyrant he won’t stand against. And no noble immune to his silver tongue."
"npc_dota_hero_grimstroke_bio"	"烬州城里，庙堂广场被人们挤得水泄不通，急切的他们想目睹新卫士的飞升仪式——站在他身旁，让自己的灵魂一一与他相缚。然而，就在他于符文石上写下最后一笔，让新的飞升束缚铸就之时，所有人——即使此刻并未踏出家门——也感觉到大事不妙。<br><br>他马上明白了原因。是他为增强砚台威力采集的灵液污染了墨水，现在他施展的束缚之法势要将他吞噬。如墨的邪气从符文石蛇行而上，沿着毛笔的笔杆侵入他的双手。之后迅速扩散，占据了脸和嘴，就算是张嘴呼喊他也是力不从心。<br><br>他穷极一生，都在谋算着如何突破师尊达到的境界——就连不准增强墨水威力的神圣禁令，他都抛诸脑后。诚然，飞升束缚的源泉对他敞开，他感觉到力量在涌入他的灵魂，这一幕他梦寐以求。他最大的成功近在咫尺，只要他能挺过这一关。<br><br>他大力吸取束缚的力量，将腐化的墨迹逐渐逼退。而空中充斥着一片呻吟声——这是族人们全体的哀嚎。有的人手足无措。体弱的瘫坐一旁。也有很多人撒腿狂奔。而他并未停止从他们的血脉中抽取能量。但要挡住墨潮还是不够。<br><br>直到他的丹田气息不顺，墨池的黑暗完全包围了他，他才看清了自己的出路。他与烬州子民——他的子民之间的束缚——原本只有在保护他们的危难时刻才能汲取力量……现在束缚的力量有了缺口。<br><br>随着最后提气奋力一搏——这次不仅仅是身体盲目地排斥——他将墨潮逼入了束缚之中。<br><br>慢慢地，他感觉到奔流在急退……耳朵里传来了同胞们可怕的哭喊声，腐化的力量转而将他们碾压。终于，墨潮退去，他睁开双眼后所见的是变样的世界。熟知的烬州同胞已经消失。每一个灵魂都变成了自身骇人的影子——血肉已完全消融，只有黏浊、污秽的墨魂。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_grimstroke_bio"	"The people of Ashkavor crowded around the temple square, eager to witness the ascension of their new guardian -- to stand near the man as he bound their souls to his own. But as his final brush strokes fell against the runestone, and the bond of a new Ascended One was forged, everyone -- even those who'd stayed in their homes -- could sense that something had gone terribly wrong.<br><br>He knew the cause instantly. The droplets of ichor he'd procured to amplify the potency of his inkpots had instead contaminated them, and the power of the binding spell he'd cast now threatened to consume him. An inky corruption snaked upward from the runestone, along the handle of his brush, soon overtaking his hands. From there it spread quickly. Once it overcame his face and his mouth, he couldn't have screamed even if he'd wanted to.<br><br>All of his life he'd calculated on how to attain ever greater powers than the limits presented by his teachers would allow--going so far as to break the sacred prohibition against augmenting the inks. Indeed, with the wellspring of the Ascended bond open to him, he felt a measure of power coursing into his soul like he'd never imagined. His greatest triumph was upon him, if he could only survive it.<br><br>He drew deep from the power of the bond, pushing back against the corrupted ink flow. A great moan filled the air -- the collective cry of his people. Some swayed on their feet. The weakest collapsed. Many tried to run. And still deeper he pulled from their bloodline reservoir. But it wasn't enough to stop the ink tide.<br><br>It was only when the breath trapped in his lungs began to fail him, and the inkpool darkness fully encased him, that he saw his way out. The bond he'd made with the Ashkavoran people -- his people -- meant to be drawn upon only in service of their protection... It flowed two ways.<br><br>With a final surge of strength -- this time directed by more than just blind repulsion -- he pushed the ink torrent into the bond itself.<br><br>Slowly, he felt the tide retreat... and heard the awful wails of his people as the corruption in turn rolled over them. When at last the ink relented, his eyes opened upon a world changed. The Ashkavoran people as he knew them were gone. Every last soul was transformed into terrifying shades of their former selves -- comprised no longer of blood and bone, only viscid, tainted ink."
}
}
