"lang"
{
"Language"	"tchinese"
"Tokens"
{
"npc_dota_hero_antimage_bio"	"當山下的王國被潮水般的侵略者們橫掃的時候，星隱寺的僧侶們則是在山上默默的注視著那崎嶇的山谷。苦行且務實的他們在偏遠高山的寺院裡，獨自沉浸在遠離塵囂的冥想中，不受任何魔法元素或者神靈的干擾。然而，死亡之神的軍隊來了，帶著摧毀所有信仰，並讓當地人轉而信奉死亡之神的虛無主義。帶著他們千年的戰亂和腥風血雨，死亡軍團將他們打敗的敵人靈魂和屍骨撕裂，用這種恐怖來摧殘星隱寺的信仰。面對此等攻擊，寺院只堅持了不到兩個星期，甚至還有一些剛從冥想中醒來的僧侶認為，這些入侵者不過是惡魔用來干擾他們冥想的幻象，於是他們死在了自己的冥想墊上。只有一個人倖免於難，他是來星隱寺尋求智慧，卻尚未得到寺院認可的侍僧。他驚恐地看著自己曾經侍奉過的僧侶們被殺，然後又被復活成為死亡之神的祭司。帶著星隱寺殘存的珍貴教義卷軸，他跋山涉水來到達了一片安全的淨土，他發誓，不僅要消滅死亡之神的魔法師，更要將「魔法」這個詞從世上抹去。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_antimage_bio"	"The monks of Turstarkuri watched the rugged valleys below their mountain monastery as wave after wave of invaders swept through the lower kingdoms. Ascetic and pragmatic, in their remote monastic eyrie they remained aloof from mundane strife, wrapped in meditation that knew no gods or elements of magic. Then came the Legion of the Dead God, crusaders with a sinister mandate to replace all local worship with their Unliving Lord's poisonous nihilosophy. From a landscape that had known nothing but blood and battle for a thousand years, they tore the souls and bones of countless fallen legions and pitched them against Turstarkuri. The monastery stood scarcely a fortnight against the assault, and the few monks who bothered to surface from their meditations believed the invaders were but demonic visions sent to distract them from meditation. They died where they sat on their silken cushions. Only one youth survived--a pilgrim who had come as an acolyte, seeking wisdom, but had yet to be admitted to the monastery. He watched in horror as the monks to whom he had served tea and nettles were first slaughtered, then raised to join the ranks of the Dead God's priesthood. With nothing but a few of Turstarkuri's prized dogmatic scrolls, he crept away to the comparative safety of other lands, swearing to obliterate not only the Dead God's magic users--but to put an end to magic altogether. "
"npc_dota_hero_queenofpain_bio"	"厄澤王庭的教皇有個隱秘的受虐癖好——以品嚐禁忌之痛為樂。縱使對那些普通政客而言這看起來愚蠢至極，但對於教皇而言，這種私慾已經威脅到了神權本身的純潔和完整。於是他只好偷偷的去他的地牢裡，求助於那一幫惡魔學識大師，承諾只要有人召喚一名完全為他服務的痛苦女妖，那就能獲得自由。旋即魔女降世，名為阿卡莎，她給教皇帶去了無與倫比的痛苦和刺激，教皇隨即賜其隱秘皇后之位，並將所有閒暇時間用於享受她那些花樣百出的痛苦——最終，為了追求這種只有阿卡莎能帶給他的痛苦，教皇放棄了他的所有職責。痛苦女王能讓他體驗瀕死的歡愉，卻因為受限於符文而無法殺死他。終於，教皇對朝政的不理不睬引發了起義，他被憤怒的人們從密室裡拖出來，然後從祈靈塔上扔了下去。然而，他的死亡卻讓痛苦女王獲得了自由，不再被奴役，她將恣意的向世界揮灑她的痛苦。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_queenofpain_bio"	"The Ecclesiast-King of Elze nursed a desire for pain--forbidden pain. In a less prominent political figure, such desires might be considered unwise, but in a monarch of his stature, to satisfy such thirsts would have threatened the virtue of the Divine Throne itself. Therefore he turned to his dungeon full of demonologists, promising freedom to whoever could summon a personal succubus of torment and bind it entirely to his service. The creature who arrived, Akasha by name, visited upon him such exquisite torments that he named her his Secret Queen, and he began to spend all his spare moments submitting to her clever torments--eventually abdicating all his responsibilities in his pursuit of the painful pleasures that only she could bring. Queen of Pain could bring him to the brink of death, but she was rune-bound to keep him alive. At last the King's neglect of state brought on an uprising. He was dragged from his chamber and hurled from the Tower of Invocations, and at the moment of death, Queen of Pain was let loose into the world, freed from servitude--freed to visit her sufferings on anyone she deigned to notice."
"npc_dota_hero_lina_bio"	"烈焰魔導士莉娜和她妹妹冰晶聖女莉萊從小就合不來，她們從童年開始就你來我往的爭鬥成為了當地人津津樂道的傳奇故事。雖然莉娜總是佔上風，然而冰晶聖女的純真和誠實完美地調和了莉娜的火爆性子。在兩人分別用冰和火毀掉了一大半房子以後，她們氣急敗壞的父母終於意識到兩人必須分開。作為姐姐，莉娜被送到了遙遠的南方，紛爭之國的燃燒沙漠，和她有耐心的姑媽一起生活，這裡的氣候對這位火爆的魔導士來說其實更舒服。她的到來讓有如一潭死水的當地泛起了不小的漣漪，許多男人試圖追求她，最後卻拖著燒焦的手指頭或者只剩半邊的眉毛以及被摧毀的自信心狼狽離開。莉娜非常自信且驕傲，沒有任何事物能抑制她的火焰。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lina_bio"	"The sibling rivalries between Lina the Slayer, and her younger sister Rylai, the Crystal Maiden, were the stuff of legend in the temperate region where they spent their quarrelsome childhoods together. Lina always had the advantage, however, for while Crystal was guileless and naive, Lina's fiery ardor was tempered by cleverness and conniving. The exasperated parents of these incompatible offspring went through half a dozen homesteads, losing one to fire, the next to ice, before they realized life would be simpler if the children were separated. As the oldest, Lina was sent far south to live with a patient aunt in the blazing Desert of Misrule, a climate that proved more than comfortable for the fiery Slayer. Her arrival made quite an impression on the somnolent locals, and more than one would-be suitor scorched his fingers or went away with singed eyebrows, his advances spurned. Lina is proud and confident, and nothing can dampen her flame."
"npc_dota_hero_mirana_bio"	"出生於皇室，帶有高貴血統的公主蜜拉娜，在她即將登上太陽王座時，她欣然放棄了所有對國土的世俗權力，將自身完全奉獻給了月之女神賽莉蒙娜。從那以後蜜拉娜就成為眾所周知的月之公主，巡迴在銀夜森林，搜索那些從受月之女神保護的銀色水池偷取夜光蓮花的大膽之徒。蜜拉娜騎著她魁武的老虎夥伴，沉著、自豪且無畏，調和於月相和星座旋轉。她的弓上鑲嵌的月之礦岩吸收月光之力，為她的光之箭矢充入能量。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_mirana_bio"	"Born to a royal family, a blood princess next in line for the Solar Throne, Mirana willingly surrendered any claim to mundane land or titles when she dedicated herself completely to the service of Selemene, Goddess of the Moon. Known ever since as Princess of the Moon, Mirana prowls the sacred Nightsilver Woods searching for any who would dare poach the sacred luminous lotus from the silvery pools of the Goddess's preserve. Riding on her enormous feline familiar, she is poised, proud and fearless, attuned to the phases of the moon and the wheeling of the greater constellations. Her bow, tipped with sharp shards of lunar ore, draws on the moon's power to charge its arrows of light."
"npc_dota_hero_life_stealer_bio"	"在德瓦克地下城中，關押著一個一心想要復仇的巫師，他正在密謀著如何逃跑。和他被關在同一間牢房的，是一個口齒不清的生物，一個名叫奈克斯的賊，它被邪惡議會施加了長命百歲的詛咒，這樣才有足夠的時間來的懲罰它的偷竊和欺騙的行徑。年復一年，它的枷鎖已然被侵蝕得不成樣子，它的思維也不再清醒；奈克斯已經完全忘記了以前的事情，也不再想著逃跑。巫師見狀，覺得自己為逃跑大計找到了一個完美的犧牲品，於是對奈克斯施放了感染之咒，將自己的生命之力灌注到奈克斯的軀殼裡，然後指使奈克斯製造暴亂，犧牲它的軀體來破壞囚牢，巫師隨後就能返回自己的身體，然後神不知鬼不覺的逃跑。然而他的如意算盤並未實現，在進入奈克斯軀體以後，巫師發現他的神誌被一個瘋狂的漩渦所捕獲，那個漩渦的力量強橫無匹，抹掉了他所有的意識。由於其意識被一個鮮活的生命注入刺激，奈克斯突然之間從它那瘋狂的夢魘中清醒了過來，並且按著腦海中那個虛無的聲音的唯一指令行動：逃跑。也在那個時候，噬魂鬼正式誕生。這個生命體將自己的心智灌注到地下城裡面的衛兵身體裡，強迫他們打開牢籠，殺死其他衛兵，為噬魂鬼打開了一條暢通無阻的自由大道，而他們的生命也被吞噬。現在，噬魂鬼仍然帶著那串破碎的鐐銬，似乎是在告訴世界沒有人能夠禁錮住他，但同時它心裡還認為自己是個囚犯。兩個意識共存於一個身體裡——惡毒狡猾，陽奉陰違的生命。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_life_stealer_bio"	"In the dungeons of Devarque, a vengeful wizard lay in shackles, plotting his escape. He shared his cell with a gibbering creature known as N'aix, a thief cursed by the Vile Council with longevity, so that its life-sentence for theft and cozening might be as punishing as possible. Over the years, its chains had corroded, along with its sanity; N'aix retained no memory of its former life and no longer dreamt of escape. Seeing a perfect vessel for his plans, the wizard wove a spell of Infestation and cast his life-force into N'aix's body, intending to compel N'aix to sacrifice itself in a frenzy of violence while the mage returned to his body and crept away unnoticed. Instead, the wizard found his mind caught in a vortex of madness so powerful that it swept away his plans and shattered his will. Jarred to consciousness by the sudden infusion of fresh life, N'aix woke from its nightmare of madness and obeyed the disembodied voice that filled its skull, which had only the one thought: To escape. In that moment Lifestealer was born. The creature cast its mind into dungeon guards and soldiers, compelling them to open locks and cut down their companions, opening an unobstructed path to freedom while feeding on their lives. Lifestealer still wears the broken shackles as a warning that none may hold him, but on the inside remains a prisoner. Two minds inhabit the single form--a nameless creature of malevolent cunning, and the Master whose voice he pretends to obey."
"npc_dota_hero_furion_bio"	"在種子裡埋入盤起的靈魂，從岩石深處引出纏繞的水流，起誓陽光會普照這生長的一切，當樹木之神維羅迪希雅完成這一系列森林的創造後，她意識到自己的生命也到達終點，如一片命運已被她印在種子中的樹葉一樣飄落，無法看見自己的夢想結果。嫩芽尚未破土，即使破土，脆弱的嫩芽也很容易受到各種傷害，而她卻即將辭世，無能為力，這讓她無比痛心。然而她在種子袋中發現了一顆播種時漏掉的種子，在彌留之際，她將力量化作一字箴言，寄於此種，然後將其服下。在漫長的冬天，她巨大的身體逐漸分解，化為了幼苗來年春天的肥料。在春分的早晨，當其它種子還沒有甦醒時，最後那顆種子在一瞬間成熟然後爆裂了。從中走出了特夸亞，自然的先知，他身披樹葉，強壯且智慧，擁有樹木之神維羅迪希雅的力量，能預見到森林最需要他的地方，同時他也很清楚，能作為他的盟友，是天賜的幸運。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_furion_bio"	"When Verodicia, Goddess of the Woods, had finished filling in the green places, having planted the coiled-up spirit in the seed, having lured the twining waters from deep within the rock, having sworn the sun its full attention to the growing things, she realized that her own time had reached its end, and like one of the leaves whose fate she had imprinted in the seed, she would fall without seeing the fruiting of her dream. It pained her to leave the world bereft, for the sprouts had not yet broken through the soil--and they would be tender and vulnerable to every sort of harm. She found in her seed pouch one last seed that she had missed in the sowing. She spoke a single word into the seed and swallowed it as she fell. Her vast body decomposed throughout the long winter, becoming the humus that would feed the seedlings in the spring. And on the morning of the vernal equinox, before the rest of the forest had begun to wake, that last seed ripened and burst in an instant. From it stepped Nature's Prophet, in full leaf, strong and wise, possessing Verodicia's power to foresee where he would be needed most in defense of the green places--and any who might be fortunate enough to call him an ally."
"npc_dota_hero_windrunner_bio"	"西部森林中隱藏了無數的秘密。其中之一就是受到風神眷顧的森林弓箭大師萊瑞蕾。風行者萊瑞蕾的家人在她出生那夜的暴風雨中全部去世了，狂風摧毀了他們的房屋，一切都化為烏有。只剩下還是嬰兒的風行者在充滿死亡和破壞的瓦屑中倖存了下來。暴風雨平靜下來後，自然之風注意到了這個在草地中哭泣的幸運兒。風很憐憫這個孩子，便將她抬起，放到一戶鄰居的門前台階上。之後的歲月裡，風會時不時回來看下這個孩子的生活，從遠處看著她磨練自己的技術。現在，經過多年的訓練，風行者射出的箭矢百步穿楊。她迅捷的步伐讓人難以看清，猶如背後有風在推動。風行者用颶風般的箭矢群殺戮敵人，她幾乎已成為自然之力本身。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_windrunner_bio"	"The western forests guard their secrets well. One of these is Lyralei, master archer of the wood, and favored godchild of the wind.  Known now as Windranger, Lyralei's family was killed in a storm on the night of her birth--their house blown down by the gale, contents scattered to the winds. Only the newborn survived among the debris field of death and destruction.  In the quiet after the storm, the wind itself took notice of the lucky infant crying in the grass. The wind pitied the child and so lifted her into the sky and deposited her on a doorstep in a neighboring village.  In the years that followed, the wind returned occasionally to the child's life, watching from a distance while she honed her skills.  Now, after many years of training, Windranger fires her arrows true to their targets.  She moves with blinding speed, as if hastened by a wind ever at her back.  With a flurry of arrows, she slaughters her enemies, having become, nearly, a force of nature herself."
"npc_dota_hero_lion_bio"	"萊恩曾經是個為光明和正義戰鬥的惡魔巫師，在同胞之間享有聲望的傳統巫術大師。但奉承和諂媚使他墮落了。萊恩產生了超過他力量所及的野心，他受到惡魔的引誘，變得邪惡，用自己的靈魂換取了聲望。在做出了許多恐怖的罪惡行為後，萊恩的靈魂受到了損傷，惡魔因此拋棄了他。背叛他的惡魔與他的敵人聯手，用更強的手段對付他。萊恩對此變得狂怒，他追著惡魔一路跟到地獄，在地獄殺死了這個惡魔，把它一截一截地撕裂，最後萊恩取下惡魔那有魔力的手腕，裝在自己的身體上。然而，與惡魔融合是要付出代價的。萊恩的身體變成了某種無法辨識的東西。他從地獄中出來時成為了狂怒的化身，不僅殺光了所有稱他為怪物的人，還踐踏了那片自己曾經受人崇拜的土地。他是唯一倖存的傳統惡魔巫師，那些想來當他助手或學徒的人都被他抽光了魔法，然後輕鬆地奪走生命。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lion_bio"	"Once a Grandmaster of the Demon Witch tradition of sorcery, Lion earned fame among his brethren for fighting on the side of light and righteousness. But adulation corrupts. With powers surpassed only by his ambition, the mage was seduced by a demon and turned to evil, trading his soul for prestige. After committing horrible crimes that marred his soul, he was abandoned. The demon betrayed him, striking better deals with his enemies. Such was Lion's rage that he followed the demon back to hell and slew it, ripping it limb from limb, taking its demonic hand for his own. However, such demonoplasty comes at a cost. Lion was transfigured by the process, his body transformed into something unrecognizable. He rose from hell, rage incarnate, slaying even those who had once called him master, and laying waste to the lands where he had once been so adored. He survives now as the sole practitioner of the Demon Witch tradition, and those who present themselves as acolytes or students are soon relieved of their mana and carried off by the faintest gust of wind."
"npc_dota_hero_vengefulspirit_bio"	"天怒一族這種種族，即使最滿足最安心的時候脾氣也很暴躁，他們天生就會為了最微不足道的侮辱尋求復仇。然而復仇本來就是復仇之魂的本質所在。曾經作為一個自傲而殘暴的天怒之子，仙德爾莎是蒼白之巢的第一繼承人，直到一個姐妹背叛了她，奪走了她的繼承權。被暗殺者的陷阱困住以後，仙德爾莎以雙翼為代價，逃出生天。用對於這一族最丟臉的方式：步行，顛簸逃離了。仙德爾莎明白天怒一族再也不會接受失去翅膀的她作為統治者。而且對於處於最高處的蒼白之巢，沒有能夠飛翔的翅膀是無法接近的，她將無法碰到她的姐妹。不甘作為一個無法飛翔的廢物苟活，她對於復仇的渴望超越了所有的俗世慾望，墮落的公主向女神斯奎奧克乞求：放棄了她殘破的身體，化為了一種靠復仇驅動，能夠對物質世界做出巨大破壞的不朽精神能量。她或許永遠都不能飛翔了，但她的復仇將永遠持續下去。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_vengefulspirit_bio"	"Even the most contented Skywrath is an ill-tempered creature, naturally inclined to seek revenge for the slightest insult. But Vengeful Spirit is the essence of vengeance. Once a proud and savage Skywrath scion, Shendelzare was first in succession for the Ghastly Eyrie until a sister's treachery robbed her of her birthright. Snared in an assassin's net, Shendelzare tore free only at the cost of her wings, limping away in the ultimate humiliation: On foot. With her wings broken, she knew the Skywrath would never accept her as ruler; and in the highest roost of the Eyrie, inaccessible except by winged flight, her sister was untouchable. Unwilling to live as a flightless cripple, and desiring revenge far more than earthly power, the fallen princess drove a bargain with the goddess Scree'auk: She surrendered her broken body for an imperishable form of spirit energy, driven by vengeance, capable of doing great damage in the material plane. She may spend eternity flightless, but she will have her revenge."
"npc_dota_hero_witch_doctor_bio"	"一個輪廓不勻的瘦長身影邁著怪異的步伐縱橫在戰場上，尋找著敵人的致命弱點，用他可怕的才能造成嚴重的傷害。無論他那扭曲的身體是被打斷的還是先天的，沒有人可以質疑其中的力量。巫醫扎瓦克用他的長杖猛擊地面前進，他是一個迷信、巫術和咒語的恐怖聚合體。這個身體在阿克圖拉島的高原地帶學習了魔法知識並磨練嫻熟，現在精確的用在他的敵人身上。治療友軍，踐踏敵人，扎瓦克可以成為你的好戰友，或者最糟糕的敵人。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_witch_doctor_bio"	"A wiry silhouette hitches forward--uneven of feature and limb, bizarre of gait, relentlessly criss-crossing the battlefield in search of that vital weak point where his talents can do most good, and most harm. Whether broken or mismade it is not clear, but still, none can doubt the power carried in his twisted physique. A long staff thumps the earth as Zharvakko the Witch Doctor advances, deploying a terrifying arsenal of fetishes, hexes and spells.  It is a body of magical knowledge learned and perfected over several lifetimes in the island highlands of Arktura, now wielded with precision accuracy against his enemies. Zharvakko can be your best friend or your worst enemy--healing allies and laying waste to all who oppose him."
"npc_dota_hero_leshrac_bio"	"拉席瑞克，刑受之靈，是一個從人性之中被撕裂出來的存在，他身體的一半存在於物質面，另外一半存在於非物質面。他敏銳的智慧使他能覺察到任何生物心中的最細微的恐懼。作為一個曾經畢生尋求存在意義的偉大哲學家，他用時光水晶探視了人性的最深處，在那裡，他被展示在他面前的神秘的醜惡永遠地改變了。傲慢與自負點燃了他內心最黑暗的深淵。和其他元素生命一樣，他也是個完全隨天性而行的人，但他的天性中只有邪惡和恐怖。他是唯一一個看到現實世界邪惡真理的存在，對那些相信上蒼會對善舉做出回饋的人，拉席瑞克無疑是最大的反例。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_leshrac_bio"	"Leshrac, Tormented Soul, is an entity torn from the heart of nature, a liminal being that exists half in one plane of existence, half in another. His penetrating intelligence is such that he can never ignore for a moment the agonizing horror at the heart of all creation. Once a great philosopher who sought the meaning of existence, he plumbed the depths of nature with the haunted Chronoptic Crystals, and was forever altered by the hideous mysteries thereby revealed to him. Now the darkest depths of his enlightenment are illumined only by the fitful glare of his arrogance. Like other elemental characters, he is completely at one with nature, but in his case it is a nature lurid and vile. He alone sees the evil truth of reality, and has no use for those who believe the cosmos reserves a special reward for those who practice benevolence."
"npc_dota_hero_juggernaut_bio"	"沒有人見過劍聖尤涅若面具下的真面目。甚至有人認為他沒有臉。劍聖因為公然反抗迂腐的島嶼領主而自古老的遮面之島流放，但這反而救了他的性命。他的島嶼在一個充斥著復仇魔法的夜晚中遭海浪徹底毀滅，這令他成了島上古老的劍聖禮儀以及劍術的唯一傳承者。而作為這項傳統最後的開拓者，尤涅若堅持不懈鍛煉賦予了他自信和勇氣，他獨創的劍術證明了他從未停止挑戰自我。他的內心一如既往的就和他的表情一樣難以解讀。身為一位曾兩度失去一切的英雄，劍聖對於不停的奮鬥絲毫不感疲倦，因為他相信，勝利必將到來。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_juggernaut_bio"	"No one has ever seen the face hidden beneath the mask of Yurnero the Juggernaut. It is only speculation that he even has one. For defying a corrupt lord, Yurnero was exiled from the ancient Isle of Masks--a punishment that saved his life. The isle soon after vanished beneath the waves in a night of vengeful magic. He alone remains to carry on the Isle's long Juggernaut tradition, one of ritual and swordplay. The last practitioner of the art, Yurnero's confidence and courage are the result of endless practice; his inventive bladework proves that he has never stopped challenging himself. Still, his motives are as unreadable as his expression. For a hero who has lost everything twice over, he fights as if victory is a foregone conclusion. "
"npc_dota_hero_pudge_bio"	"在與囚屍嶺南部遙遙相望的戮盡之地，一個肥胖的身影在夜晚不知疲倦地工作著——肢解、開膛、堆積死人的四肢和內臟，一切都是為了在黎明前把戰場打掃乾淨。在這個被詛咒的區域，屍體不會腐爛或者分解，雖然不會復活，但無論你把墳墓挖的多深，它們都會返回地面。屠夫帕吉的身邊總是圍繞著一群食腐鳥類，他為它們切好大小能夠塞進鳥嘴的肉塊，時間久了，他的技術也越來越成熟。嗖嗖嗖...嗖嗖嗖...唰...肉塊就從骨頭上掉下來，肌腱和韌帶像濕紙巾一樣被剝離。帕吉的興趣在一開始只是屠宰，但時間一長，他對食屍也產生了興趣。剛開始時只是這裡吃一小塊肉，那裡小囁一口血...但很快他就開始了自己的饕餮盛舉，即使是軀幹上最硬的部位他也津津有味的品嚐。就算是那些在面對掠奪者時都毫無懼色的人們，看到屠夫，也是異常恐懼。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_pudge_bio"	"In the Fields of Endless Carnage, far to the south of Quoidge, a corpulent figure works tirelessly through the night--dismembering, disembowelling, piling up the limbs and viscera of the fallen that the battlefield might be clear by dawn. In this cursed realm, nothing can decay or decompose; no corpse may ever return to the earth from which it sprang, no matter how deep you dig the grave. Flocked by carrion birds who need him to cut their meals into beak-sized chunks, Pudge the Butcher hones his skills with blades that grow sharper the longer he uses them. Swish, swish, thunk. Flesh falls from the bone; tendons and ligaments part like wet paper. And while he always had a taste for the butchery, over the ages, Pudge has developed a taste for its byproduct as well. Starting with a gobbet of muscle here, a sip of blood there...before long he was thrusting his jaws deep into the toughest of torsos, like a dog gnawing at rags. Even those who are beyond fearing the Reaper, fear the Butcher."
"npc_dota_hero_bane_bio"	"如果神做了噩夢，那一定是災禍元素帶來的。被稱為阿特洛波斯的災禍元素誕生自夜之女神妮塔莎午夜的恐懼。永生的女神在漫長的時間中孕育了過強的恐懼，已經無法用睡眠抑制，於是，災禍元素從女神的軀體中逃脫了，他霧狀的身形源自女神墨色的鮮血。他的存在就是恐懼本身。聽見他聲音的凡人會感覺他們心中最陰暗的秘密在耳邊低語。他呼喚著所有英雄內心隱藏的恐懼。就算不眠亦無濟於事，因為禍亂之源會用他不停滴落的黑色血液把敵人困在噩夢中。只要災禍元素一出現，所有英雄心中都會想起那恐怖的黑暗。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_bane_bio"	"When the gods have nightmares, it is Bane Elemental who brings them.  Also known as Atropos, Bane was born from the midnight terrors of the goddess Nyctasha.  A force of terror too powerful to be contained by sleep, he surfaced from her slumbers, fed upon her immortality, and stole his vaporous form from her inky blood.  He is the essence of fear.  Mortals who hear his voice hear their darkest secrets whispered in their ear.  He calls to the hidden fear in every Hero's heart.  Wakefulness is no protection, for Bane's black blood, continuously dripping, is a tar that traps his enemies in nightmare.  In the presence of Bane, every Hero remembers to fear the dark."
"npc_dota_hero_earthshaker_bio"	"和傀儡以及石像鬼類似，撼地者也曾經是大地的一部分，但現在他自由地行走在地面上。不同於那些存在，撼地者自身的意志創造了他，他不需要服從於任何主人。在岩石深處不安寧的沉睡中，他感受到了上方世界自由自在的生命的存在。他對此產生了好奇心。在一個地震多發的時期，尼西埃雪山搖動的山頂發生了雪崩，河流的流徑改變了，淺淺的山谷變成了深不可測的深淵。大地停止震動後，撼地者從沉澱的灰土中走了出來，像脫下毯子一樣抖落無數岩石。他幻化成他想像中的野獸的外形，並自稱瑞格．石蹄。他現在流動著血液、呼吸著空氣、也會死亡。但他的精神仍然與大地同在，他的力量在那根永不離身的魔力圖騰中。當他回歸塵土的那天，大地仍會歡迎這個浪子回家。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_earthshaker_bio"	"Like a golem or gargoyle, Earthshaker was one with the earth but now walks freely upon it. Unlike those other entities, he created himself through an act of will, and serves no other master. In restless slumbers, encased in a deep seam of stone, he became aware of the life drifting freely above him. He grew curious. During a season of tremors, the peaks of Nishai shook themselves loose of avalanches, shifting the course of rivers and turning shallow valleys into bottomless chasms. When the land finally ceased quaking, Earthshaker stepped from the settling dust, tossing aside massive boulders as if throwing off a light blanket. He had shaped himself in the image of a mortal beast, and named himself Raigor Stonehoof. He bleeds now, and breathes, and therefore he can die. But his spirit is still that of the earth; he carries its power in the magical totem that never leaves him. And on the day he returns to dust, the earth will greet him as a prodigal son."
"npc_dota_hero_sand_king_bio"	"閃爍荒原的沙漠是有知覺的活物，它與自我對話，思考著只有這廣闊的沙漠能包容的思想。當它必須要尋找一種和那些有限的存在交流的方式時，它解放了一塊它的碎片，填入一塊由狡猾的卡爾丁燈神創造的魔法甲殼中。這個存在稱它自己為克里瑟力斯，意思就是「沙之魂」，不過世人都稱他為沙王。沙王那巨大蛛形生物的外形源自閃爍荒地那些渺小但無處不及的居民，這身形真實地展示了他殘忍的天性。沙王無法與賜予他生命的無限沙漠分開，他是這片沙漠的守衛者、戰士、使節。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_sand_king_bio"	"The sands of the Scintillant Waste are alive and sentient--the whole vast desert speaks to itself, thinking thoughts only such a vastness can conceive. But when it needs must find a form to communicate with those of more limited scope, it frees a fragment of itself, and fills a carapace of magic armor formed by the cunning Djinn of Qaldin. This essential identity calls itself Crixalis, meaning 'Soul of the Sand,' but others know it as Sand King.  Sand King takes the form of a huge arachnid, inspired by the Scintillant Waste's small but ubiquitous denizens; and this is a true outward expression of his ferocious nature. Guardian, warrior, ambassador--Sand King is all of these things, inseparable from the endless desert that gave him life."
"npc_dota_hero_nevermore_bio"	"據說影魔奈文摩爾有著一個詩人的靈魂，事實上，他吞噬的詩人靈魂早已成千上萬。千百年來，他收集了各式各樣的靈魂，包括詩人，牧師，帝王，乞丐，奴隸，哲人，罪犯，當然，還有英雄。他擁有著世間所有種類的靈魂。然而沒人知道他收集這些靈魂作何之用。從來沒有人得以窺視影魔的魂淵之秘，他從魂淵中伸出靈魂觸鬚，蔓延在精神空間。他是把靈魂一個個吞噬了？還是把靈魂堆積在他的影懼神殿裡？又或是將靈魂浸在死靈之池中？難道他僅僅是一個被惡魔傀儡大師操縱著，通過空間裂口進入世界的傀儡？儘管眾說紛紜，但根本沒有人能看透他那黑暗光環下的層層邪惡。然而，如果你實在是很想知道那些靈魂的歸宿，有個辦法能幫你達成心願：凡人，將你的靈魂奉獻給影魔，或者等待魔王的收割！"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_nevermore_bio"	"It is said that Nevermore the Shadow Fiend has the soul of a poet, and in fact he has thousands of them. Over the ages he has claimed the souls of poets, priests, emperors, beggars, slaves, philosophers, criminals and (naturally) heroes; no sort of soul escapes him. What he does with them is unknown. No one has ever peered into the Abysm whence Nevermore reaches out like an eel from among astral rocks. Does he devour them one after another? Does he mount them along the halls of an eldritch temple, or pickle the souls in necromantic brine? Is he merely a puppet, pushed through the dimensional rift by a demonic puppeteer? Such is his evil, so intense his aura of darkness, that no rational mind may penetrate it. Of course, if you really want to know where the stolen souls go, there's one sure way to find out: Add your soul to his collection. Or just wait for Nevermore."
"npc_dota_hero_sven_bio"	"斯溫是一名守夜騎士的私生子，出生於蒼白林地，成長於影承廢墟。他父親因為違背了守夜人法典而被處決，母親又因為她的種族而被驅逐，這一切讓斯溫堅信所謂的社會法則中毫無榮譽可言，榮譽只存在於他心中。在照顧母親走過彌留之際以後，他以新人的身分參加了守夜騎士團，並對自己的身分絕對保密。十三年來，他一直在他父親當年的學校裡學習，掌握那些仇視他出身的人所撰寫的法則。接著，在他本該立誓成為守夜騎士的那天，他手持棄誓之刃，擊碎神聖之盔，用守夜聖火燒毀了那所謂的法則。他大步流星地從守夜堡離開，注定了永世孤獨，並向聖符起誓，只遵循他自己心中的法則。是的，他仍然是一名騎士，不過是只效忠於自己心中正義的...流浪劍客。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_sven_bio"	"Sven is the bastard son of a Vigil Knight, born of a Pallid Meranth, raised in the Shadeshore Ruins.  With his father executed for violating the Vigil Codex, and his mother shunned by her wild race, Sven believes that honor is to be found in no social order, but only in himself.  After tending his mother through a lingering death, he offered himself as a novice to the Vigil Knights, never revealing his identity.  For thirteen years he studied in his father's school, mastering the rigid code that declared his existence an abomination.  Then, on the day that should have been his In-Swearing, he seized the Outcast Blade, shattered the Sacred Helm, and burned the Codex in the Vigil's Holy Flame.  He strode from Vigil Keep, forever solitary, following his private code to the last strict rune. Still a knight, yes...but a Rogue Knight. He answers only to himself."
"npc_dota_hero_phantom_assassin_bio"	"透過占卜和預見，魅影之紗一直嚴格的甄選一些嬰兒來撫養成人，成為她們的刺客。這是一個將刺殺視作神聖的自然法則的女刺客同盟。魅影之紗通過冥想和神諭來確定他們的暗殺目標。她們不被任何條款所束縛，也從不因為政治鬥爭或者金錢利益刺殺。她們的刺殺完全沒有時間規律，似乎是隨性為之：不管你是手握大權，還是平凡農夫，對她們來說，你的死法都是一樣的。即使這些刺殺行為有一個固定的套路，那也是只有組織成員才知道。她們把目標看做必要的犧牲品，而死亡則是榮耀加身。作為魅影刺客，她們的身分從小就只有組織內的人才知道，而任何一個魅影刺客都能填補另一個的空缺；她們甚至連代號都不為人知。也許成員有很多，也許只有幾個。那謎樣面紗之下的真相無人知曉。只有一個，在四下無人之時，那面紗會時不時的被隱秘低語所拂動，低語中，是她自己的名字：茉崔蒂。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_phantom_assassin_bio"	"Through a process of divination, children are selected for upbringing by the Sisters of the Veil, an order that considers assassination a sacred part of the natural order.  The Veiled Sisters identify targets through meditation and oracular utterances.  They accept no contracts, and never seem to pursue targets for political or mercenary reasons. Their killings bear no relation to any recognizable agenda, and can seem to be completely random:  A figure of great power is no more likely to be eliminated than a peasant or a well digger. Whatever pattern the killings may contain, it is known only to them. They treat their victims as sacrifices, and death at their hand is considered an honor. Raised with no identity except that of their order, any Phantom Assassin can take the place of any other; their number is not known. Perhaps there are many, perhaps there are few. Nothing is known of what lies under the Phantom Veil. Except that this one, from time to time, when none are near enough to hear, is known to stir her veils with the forbidden whisper of her own name: Mortred."
"npc_dota_hero_skeleton_king_bio"	"事與願違的長生咒語的受害者，冥魂大帝奧斯塔里昂，用他敵人的屍骨建立了一個帝國。他活著只為擴大他可觸及的範圍，永生的他一直都在建造增加他的領域。他用加工過的灼燒焦骨為他的宮殿砌牆，用各種生物和敵人的骨頭鋪路，甚至連樹木和其它自然景色都被移去，用骨頭做的仿製品替代。從骨牙森林到奧斯塔里昂那高聳的白骨王座，冥魂大帝洞悉他龐大帝國中的任何事情。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_skeleton_king_bio"	"For untold years, King Ostarion built a kingdom from the remains of his enemies. It was an obsessive's errand, done to pass the long eternities of a monarchy that seemed fated never to end. He believed that as long as he built up the towers of his palace, he could not die. But eventually he learned that he had been deluded... that bone itself could perish. Deeply mistrustful of flesh, he sought a more permanent way of extending his reign, and at last settled on pursuit of wraith energy, a form of pure spirit given off by certain dark souls at death. Should he infuse himself with Wraith Essence, he thought he might create a body as luminous and eternal as his ego. On the millennial solstice known as Wraith-Night, he submitted to a rite of transformation, compelling his subjects to harvest enough souls to fuel his ambition for immortality. No one knows how many of his champions died, for the only survivor who mattered was the Wraith King who rose with the sun on the following morn. Now he rarely spends a moment on his glowing throne--but strides out with sword drawn, demanding a fealty that extends far beyond death. "
"npc_dota_hero_drow_ranger_bio"	"卓爾遊俠名叫翠拉克希絲，這個名字很適合矮小、有點像侏儒、外表令人生厭的卓爾人。但翠拉克希絲並非生為卓爾人，她的雙親在坐大篷車長途旅行時受到土匪的襲擊，濫殺無辜的土匪激怒了附近愛好和平的卓爾人。當戰鬥結束後，卓爾人​​發現了一個藏在馬車殘骸中的小女孩，他們一致同意不能讓這個失去父母的孩子被拋棄。當她還只是一位孩童時，翠拉克希絲就展現出了卓爾人引以為傲的技術和本領：隱秘、沉默、敏銳。如果不看身體，在精神上她就像一個被拐走後又回到自己真正歸屬的卓爾孩童。不過即使她的相貌均稱且皮膚光滑，完全沒有卓爾人的肉疣和粗糙的髯鬚，她卻因為自己的個頭隨著長大成人高出家人不少而認為自己是個醜陋的卓爾人。在與收養她的部族疏遠後，她便獨自居住在森林中。許多在森林中迷路的旅行者出來後都說他們見過一個美麗得難以置信的遊俠自樹林的深處凝視他們，並遠在他們能夠靠近一探究竟之前消失得無影無踪。輕盈、隱秘且冷艷，她移動起來像是無聲的飄渺迷霧，而你所聽到的喃喃細聲，其實是她用冰霜箭矢命中敵人心臟的破空之聲。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_drow_ranger_bio"	"Drow Ranger's given name is Traxex--a name well suited to the short, trollish, rather repulsive Drow people. But Traxex herself is not a Drow. Her parents were travelers in a caravan set upon by bandits, whose noisy slaughter of innocents roused the ire of the quiet Drow people. After the battle settled, the Drow discovered a small girl-child hiding in the ruined wagons, and agreed she could not be abandoned. Even as child, Traxex showed herself naturally adept at the arts they prized: Stealth, silence, subtlety. In spirit, if not in physique, she might have been a Drow changeling, returned to her proper home. But as she grew, she towered above her family and came to think of herself as ugly. After all,  her features were smooth and symmetrical, entirely devoid of warts and coarse whiskers. Estranged from her adopted tribe, she withdrew to live alone in the woods. Lost travelers who find their way from the forest sometimes speak of an impossibly beautiful Ranger who peered at them from deep among the trees, then vanished like a dream before they could approach. Lithe and stealthy, icy hot, she moves like mist in silence. That whispering you hear is her frozen arrows finding an enemy's heart. "
"npc_dota_hero_morphling_bio"	"一顆彗星在永恆的黑暗中不停環繞著天體。被遠處的太陽束縛，又受到地心引力拉扯，這顆巨大的冰球在世界之間的黑暗縫隙中穿行著，在黑暗的旅途中變得愈發神秘。在烏洛伊戰爭前夜，它從天而降，一道光芒劃破了黑夜，戰爭的雙方都認為這是一個徵兆。在戰爭雙方衝破分界河的時候，冰球在炙熱中轉瞬融化。變體精靈擺脫了冰封束縛，在戰爭中誕生，擁有海洋潮汐的元素之力，難以捉摸、變化多端。他加入了戰鬥，在一瞬間就複製了一位踏入分界河的將軍的形態，然後殺死了他。隨著那些士兵們一個個死去，變體精靈也一次次轉換形態，吸收著這些奇怪生物的形態，一會是步兵、一會是弓箭手、一會又是騎兵，甚至戰馬。直到最後一個士兵倒在沙場，變體精靈的表演完美謝幕。戰爭的結束，才是變體精靈的出征之日。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_morphling_bio"	"For dark eons the comet circled. Held in thrall to a distant sun, bound by gravity's inexorable pull, the massive ball of ice careened through the blackness between worlds, made strange by its dark journey. On the eve of the ancient war of the Vloy, it punched down through the sky and lit a glowing trail across the night, a sign both armies took for an omen. The frozen ball melted in a flash of boiling heat, as below two forces enjoined in battle across the border of a narrow river. Thus freed from its icy stasis, the Morphling was born into conflict, an elemental power at one with the tides of the ocean, capricious and unconstrained. He entered the fight, instinctively taking the form of the first general who dared set foot across the water, and then struck him dead. As the motley warriors clashed, he shifted from form to form throughout the battle, instantly absorbing the ways of these strange creatures--now a footsoldier, now an archer, now the cavalryman--until, by the time the last soldier fell, Morphling had played every part. The battle's end was his beginning."
"npc_dota_hero_bloodseeker_bio"	"血魔史德利古爾是通過儀式嚴格甄選出的獵手，更準確的說，他是剝皮雙子忠誠的獵犬，他從常年雲霧繚繞的噬血之峰被派下去搜尋鮮血。剝皮雙子需要海量的鮮血來獲得滿足和安撫，而如果當地的祭祀沒能滿足他們，他們就會抽乾這個高原王國所有人民的鮮血。因此史德利古爾總是外出進行屠戮。他能榨取出血液之中的生命力，然後這些能量通過他武器和護甲上的附魔標記立刻流向雙子。多年以來，他一直是一條得力的獵犬，在戰鬥時他像豺狼一樣殘暴。據說，在血魔那湧動著對鮮血的渴望的面具之下，能夠直視剝皮雙子那恐怖的嘴臉。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_bloodseeker_bio"	"Strygwyr the Bloodseeker is a ritually sanctioned hunter, Hound of the Flayed Twins, sent down from the mist-shrouded peaks of Xhacatocatl in search of blood. The Flayed Ones require oceanic amounts of blood to keep them sated and placated, and would soon drain their mountain empire of its populace if the priests of the high plateaus did not appease them. Strygwyr therefore goes out in search of carnage. The vital energy of any blood he lets, flows immediately to the Twins through the sacred markings on his weapons and armor. Over the years, he has come to embody the energy of a vicious hound; in battle he is savage as a jackal. Beneath the Mask of the Bloodseeker, in the rush of bloody quenching, it is said that you can sometime see the features of the Flayers taking direct possession of their Hound."
"npc_dota_hero_axe_bio"	"作為紅霧軍團的一名步兵，蒙哥可汗的目標是成為紅霧軍團的將軍。在一場又一場的戰鬥中，他用血腥的戰果證明了自己的價值。他毫不猶豫殺死上級的行為幫助了他的晉升。在長達七年的千湖戰役中，他用光榮的殺戮給自己帶來了榮譽，他的聲望比從前更耀眼了，但他身邊的戰友也在一個個的減少。在最終戰勝的夜晚，斧王宣布他為紅霧軍團的新將軍，並冠以自身「斧王」的頭銜。但他的軍隊現在卻只有他一人。當然，許多人是戰死的，而更多人則是死在斧王的刃下。不用說，現在大多數戰士都在迴避他作為領導者。但這對斧王來說不算什麼，因為他的軍隊只需要他一個人就夠了。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_axe_bio"	"As a grunt in the Army of Red Mist, Mogul Khan set his sights on the rank of Red Mist General. In battle after battle he proved his worth through gory deed. His rise through the ranks was helped by the fact that he never hesitated to decapitate a superior. Through the seven year Campaign of the Thousand Tarns, he distinguished himself in glorious carnage, his star of fame shining ever brighter, while the number of comrades in arms steadily dwindled. On the night of ultimate victory, Axe declared himself the new Red Mist General, and took on the ultimate title of 'Axe.' But his troops now numbered zero. Of course, many had died in battle, but a significant number had also fallen to Axe's blade. Needless to say, most soldiers now shun his leadership. But this matters not a whit to Axe, who knows that a one-man army is by far the best."
"npc_dota_hero_phantom_lancer_bio"	"遙遠的極地村莊對於王國中心地帶肆虐的戰火一無所知。對於那裡的村民們來說，用長矛刺魚養家活口就是生活的全部，但是戰爭還是到來了。徵兵令傳來後，出身卑微的長矛手阿茲瑞斯作為一個身體健全的士兵，加入了軍隊並宣誓給王國帶來和平，這樣做也是為了給他的村莊帶來和平。他和他的族人在對抗恐怖巫師沃恩的最終進攻中被安排為前鋒，這使他們付出了幾乎全滅的代價。當前鋒隊一路戰鬥到敵人的堡壘下時，長矛手的族人已經只剩阿茲瑞斯一個人了。身為最後一人，他成功地潛入了巫師的城堡。族人的滅亡激怒了阿茲瑞斯，他闖過了巫師設置的每一個死亡陷阱，打敗了所有巫師召喚的幻象守衛。很快地，這位出身卑微的漁夫抵達了沃恩的高塔聖所。兩人激戰了一整晚，長矛和法杖的對決掀起了狂怒的混沌，最終在一聲震耳欲聾的嘶吼中，阿茲瑞斯的長矛刺穿了巫師的身體。但是巫師並沒有單純的死去；他爆裂成無數光影的碎片，以巨大的力量穿透了殺死他的阿茲瑞斯。塵埃落定、戰鬥飄起的煙霧散去後，阿茲瑞斯發現他站在一群他的族人之中。每個人的穿著都和他一樣，每個人都拿著和他一樣的武器，而且他能感覺到每個人都和他在進行同樣的思考。察覺到王國軍的接近，阿茲瑞斯希望這些幻影趕快藏起來，於是他們就一個接一個遁入虛無。士兵們到達塔頂後發現巫師已經被阿茲瑞斯打倒了。當他們靠近這位戰士時，長矛手突然消失了。剛才站在他們面前的長矛手只是一個幻影而已。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_phantom_lancer_bio"	"The remote village of Pole had no knowledge of the wars raging in the heart of the kingdom. For them, the quiet of spear fishing, and a family meal were all that a full life required. Yet war came for them nonetheless. Joining the able-bodied conscripts as they filed passed their homes, the humble lancer Azwraith vowed to bring peace to his kingdom, and in so doing, his people. Placed with his kin in the vanguard of the final assault against the Dread Magus Vorn, the cost to his fellows was absolute. As the charging force battled toward the fortress, Azwraith alone among his kind remained standing, and he alone was able to infiltrate the keep. Focused and infuriated by the slaughter of his brothers, Azwraith bested each of the wizard's deadly traps and conjured guardians. Soon the simple fisherman arrived at Vorn's tower sanctum. The pair dueled through the night, pike to staff, as chaos raged below, and with a deafening cry Azwraith pierced his enemy. But the wizard did not simply expire; he exploded into uncountable shards of light, penetrating his killer with power. As the dust settled and the smoke of combat began to clear, Azwraith found himself standing among a throng of his kin. Each seemed to be dressed as he was, each seemed armed as he was, and he could sense that each thought as he did. Aware that his allies were approaching, he willed these phantoms to hide themselves, and one by one they began to vanish into nothingness. As the soldiers came upon the sanctum, they found the warrior that had bested the wizard. When they approached their champion, the lancer vanished. The pikeman who had stood before them was no more than another phantom."
"npc_dota_hero_razor_bio"	"閃電幽魂 - 剃刀，是永劫之墟中最具代表性的可怕力量。他鞭打著閃電巡迴在狹窄迷宮中，這是一個區分死者靈魂的迷宮，他們要靠生前的智慧、精明和毅力來通過其中變化莫測的網路通道。剃刀飄浮於迷宮上方，俯視著那些迷茫不前的靈魂，用閃電鞭打他們趕快前往決定他們的命運，朝向光明的出口或者黑暗的地獄。剃刀是支配力量的永恆化身，他使用力量時殘忍而客觀。但他貴族般的氣勢暗示了他對工作那諷刺的滿足。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_razor_bio"	"Among the emblematic powers that populate the Underscape, Razor the Lightning Revenant is one of the most feared. With his whip of lightning, he patrols the Narrow Maze, that treacherous webwork of passages by which the souls of the dead are sorted according to their own innate intelligence, cunning and persistence. Drifting above the Maze, Razor looks down on the baffled souls below, and delivers jolts of scalding electricity that both punish and quicken the souls as they decide their own fates, hurrying on toward luminous exits or endlessly dark pits. Razor is the eternal embodiment of a dominating power, abstract and almost clinical in his application of power. Yet he has a lordly air that suggests he takes a sardonic satisfaction in his work."
"npc_dota_hero_storm_spirit_bio"	"風暴之靈，正如其名，是狂風和暴雨的野性凝成人形的自然之力。他狂放，樂天，恣意揮灑！就像個受人喜愛的大叔一樣，他給所到之處充滿歡樂的能量。但事實上，創造出他的是一起災難。幾個世代前，在悲嘆山脈遠處的平原上，很多人正因乾旱和飢荒而挨餓。一個名叫風暴凱格的元素使，使用禁忌的咒語召喚了風暴之靈，天真的向他祈求雨水。被稱為雷神的暴雨天神對這個凡人的放肆感到憤怒，打算用狂風和洪水把這片土地化為荒地。風暴凱格完全不是天神的對手，直到最後他用了一個自殺性的咒語，將他和雷神的命運融在了一起，他用自己的身體作為牢籠捕獲了雷神。被困在一起後，風暴凱格那無限的幽默感與雷神瘋狂的能量融合了，創造了樂天的雷神風暴凱格，一個以物質形態行於世間的天神。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_storm_spirit_bio"	"Storm Spirit is literally a force of nature--the wild power of wind and weather, bottled in human form. And a boisterous, jovial, irrepressible form it is! As jolly as a favorite uncle, he injects every scene with crackling energy. But it was not always thus, and there was tragedy in his creation. Generations ago, in the plains beyond the Wailing Mountains, a good people lay starving in drought and famine. A simple elementalist, Thunderkeg by name, used a forbidden spell to summon the spirit of the storm, asking for rain. Enraged at this mortal's presumption, the Storm Celestial known as Raijin lay waste to the land, scouring it bare with winds and flood. Thunderkeg was no match for the Celestial--at least until he cast a suicidal spell that forged their fates into one: he captured the Celestial in the cage of his own body. Trapped together, Thunderkeg's boundless good humor fused with Raijin's crazed energy, creating the jovial Raijin Thunderkeg, a Celestial who walks the world in physical form. "
"npc_dota_hero_crystal_maiden_bio"	"冰晶聖女莉萊出生在一個氣候溫和的國度，與性子火爆的姐姐莉娜一起長大，她很快就發現她天生對冰元素的吸引力給周圍所有人製造了麻煩。只要她在附近坐下休息，井水和山泉瞬間就會被凍住；成熟的莊稼被寒霜凍傷，果園變成了冰的迷宮，然後垮塌損毀。當他們無奈的父母把莉娜送到南方後，又把莉萊流放到了寒冷北方的冰川殘骸，一個隱居在藍心冰川頂峰的寒冰巫師收留了她。經過長期的學習後，巫師認為莉萊已經能夠獨立的修習寒冰魔法了，於是他便降入冰川內開始千年的冬眠。從那以後，莉萊的寒冰法術變的愈發精湛，而現在，她的魔法已無可匹敵。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_crystal_maiden_bio"	"Born in a temperate realm, raised with her fiery older sister Lina, Rylai the Crystal Maiden soon found that her innate elemental affinity to ice created trouble for all those around her. Wellsprings and mountain rivers froze in moments if she stopped to rest nearby; ripening crops were bitten by frost, and fruiting orchards turned to mazes of ice and came crashing down, spoiled. When their exasperated parents packed Lina off to the equator, Rylai found herself banished to the cold northern realm of Icewrack, where she was taken in by an Ice Wizard who had carved himself a hermitage at the crown of the Blueheart Glacier. After long study, the wizard pronounced her ready for solitary practice and left her to take his place, descending into the glacier to hibernate for a thousand years. Her mastery of the Frozen Arts has only deepened since that time, and now her skills are unmatched."
"npc_dota_hero_kunkka_bio"	"洪流惡魔一直都在計劃搶奪人類的土地，而作為強大的鐵帆海軍的艦隊統帥，昆卡則擔負著守衛他祖國小島的使命。在惡魔多年的小規模突擊和越來越大膽的毀滅性攻擊後，惡魔的艦隊終於包圍了顫慄之島。絕望之下，鐵帆艦隊的魔法師使用了自殺性的終極自殺絕招，召喚了一群不分敵我的先祖靈魂來保護艦隊。這剛好能夠扭轉與惡魔對峙的局勢。昆卡看著他的戰艦一艘接一艘被擊沉的同時，先祖也在慢慢消耗掉惡魔的艦隊，這讓他感到很滿意。但在戰鬥最激烈的時候，人類、惡魔、先祖靈魂的衝突惹惱了沉睡在深海的第四股勢力。殘留不多的艦隊旁噴出了高聳的海浪，深淵觸手——毀滅漩渦在戰場中出現了。他的觸鬚在船隻間移動，把人類和惡魔的艦船拖捲在一起，水和風被攪動成狂怒的混沌。沒有人能說清那場嚴酷的風暴中到底發生了什麼。洪流惡魔放棄了進攻，怒吼著逃入了虛空。昆卡則晉升為海軍上將，但他只有一艘船，一艘不斷重演它最終毀滅場面的幽靈船。然而誰都不確定他是否還活著。即使是毀滅漩渦的召喚者潮汐獵人，也不能確定。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_kunkka_bio"	"As The Admiral of the mighty Claddish Navy, Kunkka was charged with protecting the isles of his homeland when the demons of the Cataract made a concerted grab at the lands of men. After years of small sorties, and increasingly bold and devastating attacks, the demon fleet flung all its carnivorous ships at the Trembling Isle. Desperate, the Suicide-Mages of Cladd committed their ultimate rite, summoning a host of ancestral spirits to protect the fleet. Against the demons, this was just barely enough to turn the tide. As Kunkka watched the demons take his ships down one by one, he had the satisfaction of wearing away their fleet with his ancestral magic. But at the battle's peak, something in the clash of demons, men and atavistic spirits must have stirred a fourth power that had been slumbering in the depths. The waves rose up in towering spouts around the few remaining ships, and Maelrawn the Tentacular appeared amid the fray. His tendrils wove among the ships, drawing demon and human craft together, churning the water and wind into a raging chaos. What happened in the crucible of that storm, none may truly say. The Cataract roars off into the void, deserted by its former denizens. Kunkka is now The Admiral of but one ship, a ghostly rig which endlessly replays the final seconds of its destruction. Whether he died in that crash is anyone's guess. Not even Tidehunter, who summoned Maelrawn, knows for sure."
"npc_dota_hero_warlock_bio"	"作為秘湮學院禁斷聖所的首席館長和館藏物主管，戴蒙萊尼克孜孜不倦地追求著那些罕見的失落的禁忌捲軸。無論被詛咒的寺廟有多禁忌，無論隱藏的洞穴路途有多危險，只要有謠傳說那裡藏著傳說學識的原典，他就會不顧自己的安危進入這些危險的場所。然而，他經常在調查中惹怒各種守護者，這使他感到有必要掌握魔法。他將追尋古物時的執念用在逼迫自己學習魔法上，最終他比大多數學徒都還快完成整個學業，在最短時間內成為了學院最強大的術士。後來他用恐懼之木雕刻了一根法杖，並在其中注入了一個他從異界之獄俘獲的靈魂。因為期待著有一天能夠復原所有的失落魔法書，他開始撰寫自己的黑暗魔典。毫無疑問，這對他的黑暗魔法來說，意義非凡。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_warlock_bio"	"As Chief Curator and Head of Acquisitions for the Arcane Archives of the Ultimyr Academy, Demnok Lannik was tireless in his pursuit of lost, rare and forbidden tomes. No cursed temple was so foreboding, no cavern path so treacherous, that any concern for his own survival could dissuade him from entering if rumors hinted that some pamphlet of primordial lore might still survive in its depths. However, so often did his investigations trigger the wrath of protector entities, that he finally found it necessary to master the arts of magic. He bent himself to learning sorcery with the same thorough obsessiveness that marked his quest for incunabula, becoming the most powerful Warlock of the Academy in less time than most practitioners required to complete a course of undergraduate work. Almost as an afterthought, he carved a staff of Dreadwood and summoned into it a captive spirit from the Outer Hells. And anticipating the day when he will have recovered every last lost spellbook, he has commenced writing his own Black Grimoire. It will undoubtedly be instructive."
"npc_dota_hero_zuus_bio"	"天界之王，眾神之父，宙斯在對待英雄一向視如己出。然而在無數次與凡人女性幽會時當場被抓後，他的妻子赫拉給他下了最後通牒：「既然你這麼喜歡凡人，就去當凡人吧。如果你能證明的忠誠，就回來做我永生的丈夫。否則的話，就去和你的創造物死在一起吧。」宙斯無奈地發現她的邏輯（和她的魔法）無懈可擊，只好照她說的去做。從那以後宙斯洗心革面，在凡人面前不再多情，將愛留給他永生的女神。但為了證明他配得上他那永恆的愛人，他還必須在戰場上繼續追尋勝利。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_zuus_bio"	"Lord of Heaven, father of gods, Zeus treats all the Heroes as if they are his rambunctious, rebellious children. After being caught unnumbered times in the midst of trysts with countless mortal women, his divine wife finally gave him an ultimatum: 'If you love mortals so much, go and become one. If you can prove yourself faithful, then return to me as my immortal husband. Otherwise, go and die among your creatures.' Zeus found her logic (and her magic) irrefutable, and agreed to her plan. He has been on his best behavior ever since, being somewhat fonder of immortality than he is of mortals. But to prove himself worthy of his eternal spouse, he must continue to pursue victory on the field of battle."
"npc_dota_hero_tiny_bio"	"以一大塊石球形式出現的生命體，小小不斷思索他的起源，但這始終是個謎。現在的他是個山嶺巨人，但過去是什麼呢？從土巨人的腳後跟掉落的碎片？從製造石像鬼的工坊被打掃出來的碎屑？神聖預言石的表層之砂？受到強烈的好奇心驅使，他不知疲倦的環遊世界，尋找著他的起源，他的出身，和他的種族。在旅途中，他變得越來越龐大，不過路上的風雨吹打掉了他身上的石頭，所以他不停的吸收新的岩石，永遠在茁壯。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_tiny_bio"	"Coming to life as a chunk of stone, Tiny's origins are a mystery on which he continually speculates.  He is a Stone Giant now, but what did he used to be?  A splinter broken from a Golem's heel?  A shard swept from a gargoyle-sculptor's workshop?  A fragment of the Oracular Visage of Garthos?  A deep curiosity drives him, and he travels the world tirelessly seeking his origins, his parentage, his people.  As he roams, he gathers weight and size; the forces that weather lesser rocks, instead cause Tiny to grow and ever grow."
"npc_dota_hero_puck_bio"	"當別人第一眼看到帕克的時候，都會覺得她十分淘氣，像是小孩子性格。然而正是這種錯覺讓帕克的真實個性得以隱藏。仙女龍一族的壽命趨於無限，帕克則還處於仙女龍的幼年形態，然而它在這一形態也已經過了上千年了。因此即使從某種意義上來說，帕克還算是幼年，但它的幼年期將會一直持續到現在的城市歸於塵土。帕克的真實動機是什麼，旁人完全無法捉摸，而在那嬉戲的外表下也有可能隱藏著更隱秘的目的。而唯一能讓人體會到帕克真實個性的，是它對頑皮搗亂的無盡熱衷。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_puck_bio"	"While Puck seems at first glance a mischievous, childish character, this quality masks an alien personality. The juvenile form of a Faerie Dragon, a creature that lives for eons, Puck spends countless millennia in its childish form. So while it is technically true that Puck is juvenile, it will continue to be so when the cities of the present age have sloughed away into dust. Its motives are therefore inscrutable, and what appears to be play may in fact hide a darker purpose. Its endless fondness for mischief is the true indicator of Puck's true nature."
"npc_dota_hero_dazzle_bio"	"每一個德尊教團的年輕侍僧在成為闇影牧師前都必須完成一系列的儀式。而儀式的最後一步，則是穿越無比危險的虛無之境，一個只有少數人能活著回來的未知領域。有些人雖然回來了，但卻發瘋了。還有些回來的人獲得了奇怪的能力。但可以肯定的是，所有去了那裡的人都被改變了。出於對神聖啟示的執著追求，戴佐成為了他部族中最年輕的神聖儀式的追求者。起初，教團拒絕了他，因為他太年輕了。然而戴佐不是那麼容易放棄的。教團長老在這位頑固的年輕侍僧身上感到了一些特別的東西，便寬許他進入了教團。最終儀式時，戴佐將神聖藥劑一飲而盡後在篝火旁坐下，而他的族人則在一旁跳著祭祀之舞。在虛無之境的虛靈空間中，光明與黑暗的屬性被反轉了。導致戴佐原本燦爛奪目的治療之光演變成了包藏凶險的邪惡力量，在那奪目的光輝中隱藏的則是黑暗的行徑。不出長老所料：戴佐回來了，成為了一名不世出的闇影牧師。他的能力可以用來治療也可以進行破壞。現在，他用他的力量消滅敵人，治癒同伴。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_dazzle_bio"	"Each young acolyte to the Dezun order must complete a series of rites before becoming a shadow priest. The final rite, the rite of shades, is a harrowing spiritual journey through the Nothl Realm, an unpredictable domain from which not all visitants return.  Of those who do, some return mad. Others return with strange aptitudes. But all who go there are changed by their experiences. Driven by the need for enlightenment, Dazzle was the youngest of his tribe ever to request the sacred ritual. At first the order refused him, saying he was too young. But Dazzle was not to be dissuaded. Sensing something special in the headstrong young acolyte, the elders relented. Dazzle drank down the sacred potion and sat by the fire while the rest of his tribe danced through the night. In this ethereal dimension of the Nothl Realm, the properties of light and dark are inverted. Thus his brilliant healing light, beautiful to our eye, is actually a sinister kind of evil; and the darkest deeds are done in a dazzling glow. The elders' intuition was prophetic: Dazzle returned to his people as a Shadow Priest like none seen before, with the power to heal as well as to destroy. Now he uses his gift to cut down his enemies and mend his friends."
"npc_dota_hero_rattletrap_bio"	"瑞托崔普與狙擊手和修補匠一樣同屬一個廣泛分布的種族，和其他許多敏銳的族人一樣，瑞托崔普利用他的智慧和小玩意彌補了先天體型上的矮小。做為一位鐘錶匠的孫子，瑞托崔普在這行當了很多年的學徒，一直到戰爭從山的另一頭襲捲而來，雖毀了這個從事與戰鬥毫無關聯的無辜村莊。祖傳的莊厝成了滿是焦炭和黑煙的廢墟「你的新職業將會是奮鬥。」他的父親臨終前留下了這句話。這位可憐的技工責怪自己的生存工具沒辦法用來戰鬥，不過瑞托崔普不去找其他藉口。在成了廢墟的村莊中埋葬了父親之後，瑞托崔普開始將自己轉變成前所未見的強大戰爭機器。他誓言不再毫無防備地被抓住，瑞托崔普用他的智慧製作出一套強大的發條動力裝甲，讓其他大陸的騎士在他面前顯得如易開罐一般渺小。現在這位矮小卻強大的戰士在全身裝備了各種裝置，他埋伏及破壞的技術已達到近全自動的效能水平。這位致命工匠的機械可以瞬間幹掉輕忽的敵人，在這個戰爭時代宣示全新曙光的來臨。是時候讓你們見識見識發條​​技師的厲害了！"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_rattletrap_bio"	"Rattletrap descends from the same far-flung kindred as Sniper and Tinker, and like many of the Keen Folk, has offset his diminutive stature through the application of gadgetry and wit.  The son of the son of a clockmaker, Rattletrap was many years apprenticed to that trade before war rode down from the mountains and swept the plains villages free of such innocent vocations.  \"Your new trade is battle,\" his dying father told him as the village of their ancestors lay in charred and smoking ruins.    
It is a poor tradesman who blames his tools, and Rattletrap was never one to make excuses.  After burying his father among the ruins of their village, he set about to transform himself into the greatest tool of warfare that any world had ever seen. He vowed to never again be caught unprepared, instead using his talents to assemble a suit of powered Clockwerk armor to make the knights of other lands look like tin cans by comparison.  Now Rattletrap is alive with devices, a small but deadly warrior whose skills at ambush and destruction have risen to near-automated levels of efficiency.  An artisan of death, his mechanizations make short work of the unwary, heralding a new dawn in this age of warfare.  What time is it? It's Clockwerk time!"
"npc_dota_hero_lich_bio"	"巫妖生前是一位叫艾斯瑞安的寒冰法師，他曾經威脅要帶來毀滅性的冰霜，企圖征服整個王國。終於，那些平民在幾個絕望的魔法師的幫助下，終於鼓起了勇氣去暗算他。他們用一些具有足夠魔力的繩索把他永遠束縛住了，被綁上了厚重的石頭後，這個冰霜巫師被扔進了一個據說深不見底的湖泊。但其實不然。他只下沉了一年左右，繩索掛在一個石頭上。在那裡他平靜地死去，雖然死了但並沒有腐爛，直到風水師安希爾前來核查被認為是無底湖的黑暗之湖的傳說。安希爾放下的鉛垂線與綁住被淹死的巫師的繩索纏在了一起，於是他拉上了意外的收穫。他認為將死者轉變為不死族後，便可以向巫妖詢問這個湖的情況，他移除了捆綁巫妖的繩索並進行了簡單的轉生儀式。由於艾斯瑞安的故事已經被時間所抹去，就算是當年殺死他的人的後代也不再記得，所以當時沒有人能對安希爾的魯莽行為做出警告。不過緊接著，安希爾就嚐到了苦果，巫妖一擺脫繩索的束縛，便隨即將他吞噬。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lich_bio"	"In life, the frost-mage Ethreain (not yet a Lich) had used the threat of destructive ice to enslave entire kingdoms. His subjects, aided by a few desperate magicians, eventually grew bold enough to ambush him. Armed with enough charmed rope to bind him forever, they tied the frost mage to adamant weights and dropped him in a pool known chiefly for being bottomless. It wasn't. He only fell for a year or so before an outcrop snagged him. There he rested, dead but undecaying, until the geomancer Anhil thought to verify the legend of the supposedly bottomless Black Pool. Anhil's plumbline snarled with the ropes that bound the drowned magician, and up he hauled an unexpected prize. Thinking that by rendering the dead undead, he could question the Lich about the properties of the pool, he removed the bindings and commenced a simple rite of resurrection. Even the descendants of Ethreain's enemies were long forgotten by time, so there were none to warn Anhil against imprudence. But he learned the error of his judgment almost immediately, as Lich threw off the shackles and consumed him."
"npc_dota_hero_tidehunter_bio"	"人稱利維坦的潮汐獵人曾經是沉沒之島的競技大師，他的行為方式和他的同胞們一樣神秘莫測。陸地居民都知道海上航線的重要性，帝國的崛起和衰亡都取決於誰掌控了公海。相比之下，海底航線和南海流民的敵對部族如何通過無數次小規模海底戰鬥開闢家園的故事，則鮮為人知。在南海人和陸地人那脆弱的協議中，我們可以瞥見這個海底王國的規模，不過他們的政體則顯得十分複雜和不透明。利維坦似乎厭倦了這些瑣碎的小衝突，便獨自離開了，只效忠於他的深海之神 - 麥爾朗恩觸手漩渦魔神。現在他在淺灘上獨自遊蕩，尋找路上遇到的人類或者南海人，他對他的宿敵 - 海軍上將昆卡有著一種獨特的厭惡，然而他們為何成為敵人，已經和當年的激烈海戰一起被遺忘了。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_tidehunter_bio"	"The Tidehunter known as Leviathan was once the champion of the Sunken Isles, but his motives are as mysterious as those of his people. We all know the importance of the Drylanders' shipping lanes, how empires may rise and fall according to who controls the open water. Far less is known of the submarine lanes, and how the warring tribes of the Meranthic Diaspora have carved out habitations through endless undersea skirmishes. In the fragile treaties between the Mer and Men, we can glimpse the extent of the drowned empires, but their politics appear complex and opaque. It would seem that Leviathan tired of such petty strife, and set off on his own, loyal only to his abyssal god, Maelrawn the Tentacular. He stalks the shallows now in search of men or meranths who stray into his path, and with a particular loathing for Admiral Kunkka, who has long been his nemesis for reasons lost in the deepest trenches of the sea."
"npc_dota_hero_shadow_shaman_bio"	"羅斯塔出生於流血丘陵，這個當時正挨餓的年輕人結識了一位旅行中的騙子。只要給兩枚銅錢，這個老騙子就會為你算命。給三個就會幫你閹豬，給五個還能幫你兒子做割禮。給一頓美餐，他就會穿上他的薩滿裝束，從他的古書裡念出咒語，詛咒你的敵人。他身邊那奇怪的年輕人，部分是丘陵巨魔血統，部分是...其它某些東西，作為他的助手，為他的把戲增添了一絲異國情調。總是在受騙的客人發現前開溜，總是甩開追捕他們的客人一座城鎮的距離，兩人艱苦跋涉穿越毀滅的大陸，直到有一天，騙子發現這個年輕人可以真的做出那些他一直假裝在做的事情。他的守衛具有一種能力，一種會吸引客人的能力。於是年輕的羅斯塔就被推上了場，暗影薩滿的藝名誕生了。兩人繼續在城鎮之間旅行，用魔術賺錢的同時，暗影薩滿的名聲也越來越響亮。最終，兩人行騙的過去暴露了，中了一群從前被他們詐騙的客人所設下的埋伏。老騙子被殺死了，羅斯塔第一次使用了他的黑暗力量，屠殺了攻擊者。羅斯塔埋葬了他摯愛的主人，現在他用他的力量消滅任何企圖傷害他的人。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_shadow_shaman_bio"	"Born in the Bleeding Hills, Rhasta was just a starving youngling when picked up by a travelling con-man.  For two pins of copper, the old con-man would tell your fortune. For three, he'd castrate your pig, for five, he'd circumcise your sons. For a good meal, he'd don his shaman garb, read from his ancient books, and lay a curse upon your enemies. His strange new youngling, part hill troll, part...something else, worked as assistant and lent an air of the exotic to the con-man's trade. 
Always one step ahead of cheated customers, one town ahead of a pursuing patronage, the two trekked across the blighted lands until one day the con-man realized that the little youngling could actually do what he only pretended at. His ward had a gift--a gift that customers valued. And so the youngling Rhasta was thrust before the crowds, and the trade-name Shadow Shaman was born. The two continued from town to town, conjuring for money as Shadow Shaman's reputation grew. Eventually, the pair's duplicitous past caught up with them, and they were ambushed by a mob of swindled ex-clients. The con-man was slain, and for the first time, Rhasta used his powers for darkness, massacring the attackers. He buried his beloved master, and now uses his powers to destroy any who would seek to do him harm."
"npc_dota_hero_riki_bio"	"力丸是偉大的塔林王朝的二皇子。他有一位將會繼承王位的兄長，還有一個受到百般照顧的弟弟，而作為二子的力丸，則似乎生來就是隱形人。他自己很注意培養這一項特殊才能，在一個晚上，國家被叛徒所顛覆，他的家人被屠殺，只有力丸因為隱匿技能活了下來。矮小而敏捷的力丸用煙幕做掩護，無比謹慎地逃離了，他也是唯一逃脫的皇族。善於突襲的他殺出了皇家庭院，無聲無息地切開一個又一個敵人的喉嚨。不再背負皇室治國之責以後，力丸開始運用他的天賦謀生，他成為了一名潛形刺客。現在他於無聲中將敵人擊殺，不斷精進自己的技術，期望有一天可以能夠手刃那些殺死他家人，奪走他國家的叛徒。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_riki_bio"	"Riki was born middle child to the great dynasty of Tahlin. With an older brother groomed for the throne, and a younger brother coddled and kept, Riki, the small middle son, seemed born for the art of invisibility.  It was an art he cultivated, and one which ultimately saved his life on the night that his people were betrayed and his family slaughtered. Of all the royal line, he alone escaped, small and agile, unassuming, using smoke as cover. He cut his way out of the royal grounds, using the advantage of surprise, quietly slitting the throats of one enemy warrior after another. Now free of his royal responsibilities, Riki uses his talents in service to a new trade: Stealth Assassin. He silences his enemies, sharpening his skills, hoping to one day take revenge on those who killed his family and robbed him of his birthright."
"npc_dota_hero_enigma_bio"	"謎團的背景正如其名，無人知曉。只有一些流傳下來的故事和傳說，但大多數都不可信。事實上，關於謎團的各種故事，都只是寥寥的描述，神秘無比：他是宇宙之力，世界的吞噬者。他是虛空中的存在，有時會以物質形態出現，其它時候則以非物質形態存在。他是同時存在於多個空間的生物。在有的傳說中，他曾經是一個試圖解開宇宙之謎的偉大煉金術士，但最後卻因為自己的傲慢而受到詛咒。在其它傳說中，他來自遠古，是一種不可思議的引力生命體，是來自原始黑暗的扭曲聲音，在宇宙中的第一絲光線誕生前就存在的深淵化身。還有更古老的傳說，說他是第一顆崩塌的恆星，產生的黑洞變成了有知覺的複雜存在，他的動機無從得知，他的力量無法阻擋，他的存在就是毀滅之力本身。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_enigma_bio"	"Nothing is known of Enigma's background. There are only stories and legends, most of them apocryphal, passed down through the ages. In truth, Enigma is a mystery for whom the only true biography is description: he is a universal force, a consumer of worlds. He is a being of the void, at times corporeal, other times ethereal. A beast between the planes. 
There are stories that say he was once a great alchemist who tried to unlock the secrets of the universe and was cursed for his arrogance. Other legends tell that he is an ancient being of strange gravity, the abyss personified--a twisted voice from out the original darkness, before the first light in the universe. And there are older legends that say he is the first collapsed star, a black hole grown complicated and sentient--his motivations unknowable, his power inexorable, a force of destruction unleashed upon existence itself."
"npc_dota_hero_tinker_bio"	"修補匠鮑西的矮小種族以他們獨有的智慧、狡猾以及敵視魔法而聞名。出於自傲，他們完全憑藉自己的智慧生存，只通過理性的科學方法來合理運用自然的力量。然而，即使是對魔法如此嚴令禁止，也給他們帶來了很多麻煩，這一點鮑西深有體會。作為曾經的自然法則首席研究員，修補匠鮑西在傳說中薄霧繚繞的紫羅蘭高原建立了一座地下實驗室，在那裡領導了大量對自然運作規律的研究。出於對魔法師們給世界帶來的傷害的鄙夷，鮑西和他的修補匠助手帶著高傲，打開了一扇傳送門，門的另一端是一個超越了凡人認知能力的國度，結果他們自食惡果。黑色的薄霧從紫羅蘭高原的洞穴內升起，將高原覆蓋在不斷散發出恐怖聲音的永恆黑暗中。機智的鮑西帶著他的機關裝置逃了出來，成了紫羅蘭高原事故中唯一生還的修補匠。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_tinker_bio"	"Boush the Tinker's diminutive race is known for its intelligence, its cunning, and its prickly relationship with magic. As a matter of pride, they survive by their wits, and use only those powers of nature that may be unlocked through rational methodologies. Even this forbearance has led to a great deal of trouble, as Boush can attest. Once a key investigator of natural law, Boush the Tinker led a vast intellectual investigation into the workings of nature, founding a subterranean laboratory in the rumored, mist-wreathed wastes of the Violet Plateau. While scorning mages for the dangers they visit upon the world, Boush and his Tinker associates haughtily wrenched open a portal to some realm beyond comprehension and ushered in some nightmares of their own. A black mist rose from the cavernous interior of the Violet Plateau, shrouding it in permanent darkness from which sounds of horror perpetually emanate. Boush escaped with only his wits and the contraptions he carried, the sole Tinker to survive the Violet Plateau Incident. "
"npc_dota_hero_necrolyte_bio"	"在瘟疫肆虐時期，一個內心黑暗的無名僧侶，羅坦德吉利被提拔為紅衣主教，而原因則是他的上級們的過早死亡。當教團的其他人都外出救援病人時，這個新上任的紅衣主教卻把他自己關在魯姆斯克大教堂中，忙著進行他那攫取瀕死貴族的財產的計劃，他答應他們只要簽字轉讓領土，靈魂便會獲得獎賞。瘟疫減退到小部分頑固地區後，他的所作所為被教團注意到了，教團認定他犯下了異端之罪並判他到瘟疫病房工作，那裡的咒語會讓他患上一種長期的慢性疾病。教團認為，不管他的免疫力再強，也必死無疑。羅坦德吉利染上了瘟疫，然而他不僅沒有病死，還發現這種瘟疫在提供他力量，他變成了真正的死靈法師，瘟疫的教皇。正式宣稱自己為死靈法師後，他開始環遊世界，在所到之處散佈瘟疫，隨著一個個村莊消失在他引起的瘟疫中，他恐怖的力量不斷在成長。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_necrolyte_bio"	"In a time of great plague, an obscure monk of dark inclinations, one Rotund'jere, found himself promoted to the rank of Cardinal by the swift death of all his superiors. While others of the order went out to succor the ill, the newly ordained cardinal secluded himself within the Cathedral of Rumusque, busily scheming to acquire the property of dying nobles, promising them spiritual rewards if they signed over their terrestrial domains. As the plague receded to a few stubborn pockets, his behavior came to the attention of the greater order, which found him guilty of heresy and sentenced him to serve in the plague ward, ensorcelled with spells that would ensure him a slow and lingering illness. But they had not counted on his natural immunity. Rotund'jere caught the pox, but instead of dying, found it feeding his power, transforming him into a veritable plague-mage, a Pope of Pestilence. Proclaiming himself Necrophos, he travels the world, spreading plague wherever he goes, and growing in terrible power with every village his pestilential presence obliterates."
"npc_dota_hero_beastmaster_bio"	"卡洛克自出生一開始就被當做獸嬰。他的母親在他出生時就死去；他的父親是末代帝王斯洛姆的馬蹄鐵匠，在他五歲時被馬群踐踏致死。後來，卡洛克將自己賣到國王的動物園幹活，在那裡，他和宮廷裡面飼養的獅子、猩猩、野鹿以及其他一些罕見甚至傳說中的野獸一起長大。在他七歲那年，一個冒險者帶著一隻沒人見過的野獸來晉見國王。當這隻野獸被國王的鏈條鎖住的時候，它說話了，乞求自由，然而它的嘴並沒有張開。國王大笑，命令野獸表演助興，遭到拒絕以後，國王用他的瘋狂權杖狠狠的抽打了野獸，並把它關在了獸欄裡面。接下來的幾個月裡，卡洛克每天都給這個受傷的野獸偷偷的帶去食物和藥物，然而這一切只能減緩野獸的死亡。這隻野獸和卡洛克開始了交流，無言的交流，他們之間的情感紐帶也隨著時間的推移而加深，最後卡洛克發現他竟然能夠和宮廷動物園裡面的所有動物交流。在那隻野獸死去的晚上，卡洛克狂怒無比，他煽動了所有的動物一起反叛，並且將它們的籠子打開，在宮廷廣場上大開殺戒。末代帝王在動亂中受傷。在混亂之中，一隻皇家雄鹿在這個救了它的男孩面前屈膝，讓他以獸王的身分騎上它，帶他躍過了堡壘的高牆，逃出生天。現在，獸王卡洛克已經成長為一個男子漢，並且仍然能夠自由的和野生動物交談。他已經成為了擁有自然狂猛野性的戰士。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_beastmaster_bio"	"Karroch was born a child of the stocks. His mother died in childbirth; his father, a farrier for the Last King of Slom, was trampled to death when he was five. Afterward Karroch was indentured to the king's menagerie, where he grew up among all the beasts of the royal court: lions, apes, fell-deer, and things less known, things barely believed in. When the lad was seven, an explorer brought in a beast like none before seen. Dragged before the King in chains, the beast spoke, though its mouth moved not. Its words: a plea for freedom. The King only laughed and ordered the beast perform for his amusement; and when it refused, struck it with the Mad Scepter and ordered it dragged to the stocks. 
Over the coming months, the boy Karroch sneaked food and medicinal draughts to the wounded creature, but only managed to slow its deterioration. Wordlessly, the beast spoke to the boy, and over time their bond strengthened until the boy found he could hold up his end of a conversation.  He could, in fact, speak now to all the creatures of the King's menagerie. On the night the beast died, a rage came over the boy.  He incited the animals of the court to rebel and threw open their cages to set them amok on the palace grounds.  The Last King was mauled in the mayhem. In the chaos, one regal stag bowed to the boy who had freed him; and with Beastmaster astride him, leapt the high walls of the estate, and escaped. Now a man, Karroch the Beastmaster has not lost his ability to converse with wild creatures. He has grown into a warrior at one with nature's savagery."
"npc_dota_hero_venomancer_bio"	"在基迪島上的濃酸密林中，在所有生物的體內，包括植物的根莖，動物的內臟中，都流淌著致命的腐蝕劇毒。然而，就算在這種毒巢裡，劇毒術士也是公認的萬毒之王。多年以前，一個叫做里瑟爾的植物學家乘坐小舟跨越弗拉基海灣，想要從植物的根鬚中提取出一種強力藥劑，結果他卻遭遇了噩夢一般的變故。在深入到基迪島密林中數英里時，里瑟爾遇到了一種偽裝成寄生植物的毒性爬蟲動物，當他想把爬蟲動物扯下來的時候，被爬蟲動物狠狠的蟄了。絕望之際，他用他對叢林植物僅有的認知，飛快地掐住這隻爬蟲動物後，將它的毒液和一種帶甲蘭花的花蜜混合，合成了解毒劑。他用蘭花的尖刺為自己注射了解毒劑，然後立即陷入昏迷，並且逐漸陷入了全身完全麻木的狀態。十七年後，在他倒下的地方，從多年積累的腐土中鑽出某樣東西：劇毒術士。草藥學家里瑟爾已經不復存在，現在他是死亡使者里瑟爾。他的記憶幾乎都沒有了，他原來的肉體已經毀滅，現在被一種新的物質所替代--融合了那隻爬蟲動物的毒液和蘭花的毒性外皮。基迪島的濃酸叢林現在有了新的主人，過去最劇毒的捕食者在他面前都只能逃走或臣服求饒。這個可怕的島嶼畢竟太有限了，里瑟爾受到內心深處殘留的人類的飢渴驅使，離開了島嶼，去尋找新的毒物，以及帶來新的死亡。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_venomancer_bio"	"In the Acid Jungles of Jidi Isle, poison runs in the veins and bubbles in the guts of every creature that scuttles, climbs or swoops between fluorescent vines dripping with caustic sap. Yet even in this toxic menagerie, Venomancer is acknowledged as the most venomous. Ages ago, an Herbalist named Lesale crossed the Bay of Fradj by coracle, searching for potent essences that might be extracted from bark and root, and found instead a nightmare transformation. Two leagues into Jidi's jungle, Lesale encountered a reptile camouflaged as an epiphyte, which stung him as he mistakenly plucked it. In desperation, he used his partial knowledge of the jungle's herbal bounty, mixing the venom of the (swiftly throttled) reptile with the nectar of an armored orchid, to compound an antidote. In the moments before a black paralysis claimed him completely, he injected himself by orchid-thorn, and instantly fell into a coma. Seventeen years later, something stirred in the spot where he had fallen, throwing off the years' accumulation of humus: Venomancer. Lesale the Herbalist no longer--but Lesale the Deathbringer. His mind was all but erased, and his flesh had been consumed and replaced by a new type of matter--one fusing the venom of the reptile with the poisonous integument of the orchid. Jidi's Acid Jungles knew a new master, one before whom even the most vicious predators soon learned to bow or burrow for their lives. The lurid isle proved too confining, and some human hunger deep in the heart of the Venomancer drove Lesale out in search of new poisons--and new deaths to bring."
"npc_dota_hero_faceless_void_bio"	"暗懼者虛空假面是來自克拉錫利姆的一名訪客，一個時間之外的境域。這個來自其他維度的存在，堅信為復仇之石的爭鬥值得它降臨我們物質空間的原因，依然是個迷，但顯然它對這個世界平衡力擾亂的後果已經反映到了相鄰的維度。時間對暗懼者毫無意義，除了作為一種阻撓敵人並幫助隊友的手段。它那長遠的宇宙視角賜予它悠久卻不相關的特技，但沒關係，在戰場上它完全能隨心施展這些能力。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_faceless_void_bio"	"Darkterror the Faceless Void is a visitor from Claszureme, a realm outside of time. It remains a mystery why this being from another dimension believes the struggle for the Nemesis Stones is worth entering our physical plane, but apparently an upset in the balance of power in this world has repercussions in adjacent dimensions. Time means nothing to Darkterror, except as a way to thwart his foes and aid his allies. His long-view of the cosmos has given him a remote, disconnected quality, although in battle he is quite capable of making it personal."
"npc_dota_hero_death_prophet_bio"	"克蘿貝露絲是一名死亡先知 — 當然這只是她收費占卜的一種名稱，她只為那些希望透過迷霧看清命運的人中最高尚或者最有錢的占卜。在為他人占卜多年以後，她開始占卜自己的命運。她頻繁地注視著死亡，試圖得知自己的死亡將會怎樣。對她的客戶而言，既然想知道自己或者的命運，又想知道自己死後的境地，那麼代價再高也是值得的，所以她很自然的將自己占卜所花的代價轉移到了她客戶的身上。然而即使是最高昂的代價，即她的生命，也不夠她完成自己的占卜。死亡一次又一次的將她拒絕，總是將最深的秘密隱藏起來；在她的靈魂深處，嫉妒瘋狂的滋生著。其他人能夠通過死亡來獲得永恆——憑什麼她不行？憑什麼她必須不厭其煩的在生與死之間徘徊？究竟是什麼未知的事物在阻止克蘿貝露絲去證明她自己也能獲得那些其他生物心安理得的得到的東西？即使是這樣，她也並不灰心。在無數次跳進深淵之後，她終於有所進展。她相信自己身體的一部分已經缺失了，取而代之的是另外一種物質。每一次死亡，她都將自己生命的一部分交出。這是否意味著她的目標達成在即了呢？克蘿貝露絲能獲得這場消耗戰的勝利嗎？隨著她的求死之心愈發堅定，堅決的用自己而不是客戶來作犧牲，她更為狂熱地將自己一次又一次的推向死亡的大門，去追求那回避她已久的預言：有一天，死亡先知也將不復存在。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_death_prophet_bio"	"Krobelus was a Death Prophet--which is one way of saying she told fortunes for the wealthiest of those who wished to look beyond the veil. But after years of inquiring on behalf of others, she began to seek clues on her own fate. When death refused to yield its secrets, she tried to buy them with her life. But the ultimate price proved insufficient. Death disgorged her again and again, always holding back its deepest mysteries. Her jealousy grew. Others could die for eternity--why not she? Why must she alone be cast back on the shores of life with such tiresome regularity? Why was she not worthy of the one thing all other living creatures took for granted? Still, she would not be discouraged. Each time she returned from the grave, she brought a bit of death back with her. Wraiths followed her like fragments of her shattered soul; her blood grew thin and ectoplasmic; the feasting creatures of twilight took her for their kin.. She gave a little of her life with every demise, and it began to seem as if her end was in sight. With her dedication to death redoubled, and no client other than herself, Krobelus threw herself ever more fervently into death's abyss, intent on fulfilling the one prophecy that eluded her: That someday the Death Prophet would return from death no more."
"npc_dota_hero_pugna_bio"	"在帕格納的出生之地，三途川的發源地附近聳立著一座專門研究湮滅術的喇嘛寺，這座寺廟直接從河中汲取冥界的能量。寺廟的掌門大師幾年之前將自己湮滅撒手歸西，留下一個無人管理的學院。在大師歸西的同時，寺廟執政者們就開始舉行一個占卜儀式，來確定他們師傅的轉世投胎，最終，所有標記都指向了緊挨他們的鄰居。數個村莊坐落在寺廟的影子下，小巷與廣場充滿了孩童們的笑罵聲。帕格納，一個僅僅 13 個月大的幼兒，成為了當地的候選者之一，並且在提名日，他與另外兩名有前途的幼兒被寺廟選中。喇嘛們給了他們一大雜用過的、屬於前任大師的珍貴寶物。一個男孩伸手抓出一根原本屬於喇嘛的斑岩手杖……然後把它插到他鼻孔裡。一個調皮的女孩拉出一個原本也屬於喇嘛的護符，然後立刻吞掉了。帕格納冷靜地注視著另外兩人，愉快地笑了一下，接著用一團翠綠的火焰瞬間就把他們燒成了灰燼。然後他從灰燼中奪回了手杖和護符，說道：「這些是我的！」執政者們立刻將喜氣洋洋的帕格納架在肩上，給他套上了大師的法衣，然後在他心情變化前急忙把他抬上了寶座。五年內，這座廟宇本身終究只成了讓帕格納愉悅不止的另一堆灰燼罷了。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_pugna_bio"	"In the realm of Pugna's birth, near the vents of the Nether Reaches, there stood a lamasery devoted to the Arts of Oblivion, which drew its power from the nether energies. The Grandmaster of the temple compound had himself passed into Oblivion several years prior, leaving his academy without a leader. From the moment of their master's death, the regents of the temple began rites of divination to identify their master's reincarnation, and eventually all signs converged on the immediate neighborhood. Several villages squatted in the shadow of the temple, their alleys and plazas full of the laughter of squalling children.  Pugna, a mere thirteen months of age, was but one candidate among the local brats, and on the appointed day he was presented at the temple alongside two other promising tots. The lamas offered a jumble of worn relics to the children, treasured possessions of their former grandmaster. One boy reached for a porphyry wand that had belonged to the lama...and put it in his nostril. An impish girl pulled out an amulet that had also been the lama's, and immediately swallowed it. Pugna regarded the other two coolly, gave a merry laugh, and blasted them with gouts of emerald flame, reducing them to ashes in an instant. He then snatched up the wand and amulet, saying 'Mine!' The regents hoisted the beaming Pugna on their shoulders, wrapped him in their grandmaster's vestments, and rushed him to the throne before his mood could change. Within five years, the temple itself was another pile of ash, which pleased Pugna to no end."
"npc_dota_hero_templar_assassin_bio"	"拉娜雅，聖堂刺客，藉由探索知識之途來滿足她的渴望。抱著對於學識的熱忱，她在早年就專注於研究自然法則--探查著記載魔法與煉金術的祕典，試圖重現她在紫羅蘭檔案館殘存的吉光片羽中記載的實驗，並記下檔案守護者的觀察紀錄。由於天性就悄聲隱祕，而為了獲取這些難以取得的資料，更增進她隱匿行動的技巧。如果她不低調一點，那麼拉娜雅可能早已成為學術界間惡名昭彰的學識匪賊了。不過她的研究一步步地將她帶領到一處更為神祕的地方。當她將自己隱祕的天賦奉獻給解開宇宙奧祕時，她卻意外打開本身就存在自然之中的一扇門：隱祕聖堂的入口。在傳送門另一端的智慧生命體早已在等待她，他們透露許多他們發現的秘密，不過這都比不上告訴拉娜雅必須接替他們的使命。於是她立誓捍衛這些秘密，而更重要的是，侍奉隱祕聖堂的同時能夠滿足她求知若渴的熱忱。在被刺殺的敵人眼中，她逐步瞥見一直在追尋的秘密。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_templar_assassin_bio"	"Lanaya, the Templar Assassin, came to her calling by a path of curious inquiry. Possessed of a scientific bent, she spent her early years engaged in meticulous study of nature's laws--peering into grimoires of magic and alchemy, recreating experiments from charred fragments of the Violet Archives, and memorizing observations of the Keen recordkeepers. Already quiet and secretive by nature, the difficulty of acquiring these objects further reinforced her skills of stealth. Had she been less retiring, she might have become notorious among the guilds as a thief-scholar. Instead her investigations led her into far more obscure corners. As she devoted her furtive talents to unlocking the secrets of the universe, she instead unlocked a secret door that exists in nature itself: the entryway to the most Hidden Temple. The intelligences that waited beyond that portal, proved to be expecting her, and whatever mysteries they revealed in the moment of their discovery was nothing compared to the answers they held out to Lanaya should she continue in their service. She swore to protect the mysteries, but more to the point, in service to the Hidden Temple she satisfies her endless craving for understanding. In the eyes of each foe she expunges, a bit more of the mystery is revealed."
"npc_dota_hero_viper_bio"	"一個暴虐兇殘的巫師捕獲了蝮蛇，希望馴服它作為自己的兇狠寵物，好奇的蝮蛇很樂意被帶離那封閉不化的幽冥地區，那是一塊在地殼滑移中被封閉的幽冥龍穴，它的種族在那裡已經居住了成千上萬年。蝮蛇一開始還試著花時間來理解並服從巫師的命令，希望能學到他最高超的黑暗魔法。但它很快就發現，沒有多少咒語比它與生俱來的毒液更致命。蝮蛇流出的酸液很快就腐蝕掉了它籠子上的鐵柱，冥界亞龍掙脫出了巫師的囚禁，將它的毒液噴在了老巫師眼睛裡殺死了它，蝮蛇翱翔在空中，向世界宣告它的來臨。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_viper_bio"	"The malevolent familiar of a sadistic wizard who captured and hoped to tame him, Viper was curiously glad to have been sprung from the sealed and unchanging subterranean Nether Reaches where his race had lived for millions of years, after tectonic slippage had sealed off the Netherdrakes in luminous caverns. Viper spent some time appearing to submit to the wizard's enchainments, hoping to learn what he could of the dark magics the mage practiced. But he soon realized that few spells were as deadly as the toxins that were his birthright. Exuding an acid that swiftly ate away the bars of his cage, the Netherdrake slipped free of his confines, spit poison in the old spellcaster's eyes, and soared out to let the world know that it had a new master."
"npc_dota_hero_luna_bio"	"她是如何淪落至此的呢？她曾是原野的殘酷領導者，率領著眾多爪牙和野獸，到處肆虐並散播恐懼。現在她遠離故土，在數月的顛沛流離中飽受飢餓摧殘，幾近半瘋狀態。她的軍隊早已化為骸骨，甚至早已是塵埃。當她站在一片遠古森林的邊緣時，在古老樹枝之間有一雙閃亮的眼睛在林間監視她。在黯淡的黃昏下，這美麗卻致命的野獸尋覓到一頓晚餐。但野獸卻無聲無息地轉身離開。她突然感到異常憤怒。她緊握住一把生鏽的匕首衝向那隻野獸，只為找回過去那一絲榮耀，但她卻完全趕不上獵物。她連續三次將牠困在岩石與樹木的死角，但她也接連三次在撲過去時眼睜睜地看著一道褐色殘影遁入森林深處。不過在滿月明亮的月光照耀下，這頭野獸的足跡很容易追尋。一路追到一座山的山頂空地之後，這隻體型巨大的野獸坐在地上並專注地等待的她。當她揮舞著匕首時，野獸稍退一步，接著像她撲過去。在經歷這麼久之後，她似乎認為注定將在這片奇異之處接受死期的到來。她冷靜的站好，準備好視死如歸。在剎那間，野獸奪走了他手上的匕首，然後再次遁入森林中。此時萬籟俱寂之時，幾位戴著頭巾的身影接近了她。她們用恭敬的口語傾訴她，月之女神賽莉蒙娜選擇了她、指引了她、考驗了她。在不知不覺中，她已通過銀夜森林的守衛者，暗月騎士的神聖儀式。儀式後她面臨著選擇：加入暗月騎士，並宣示侍奉賽莉蒙娜；或者遠離此地，永遠不再回來。為了給自己贖罪的機會，她拋棄她血腥的過往，沒有絲毫猶豫地接受的新的身分：月之騎士－露娜．暗月，成為了冷峻、令人畏懼且永遠忠誠的銀夜森林守衛。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_luna_bio"	"How had she been reduced to this?  She was once the Scourge of the Plains, a merciless leader of men and beasts, and able to sow terror wherever she dared.  Now she was far from her homeland, driven half mad from starvation and months of wandering, her army long dead or worse.  As she stood at the edge of an ancient forest, a pair of glowing eyes spied on from an elder branch.  Something beautiful and deadly sought a meal in the wilting dusk.  Without a sound, it turned and left.  Fury overtook her.  Clutching a rust-eaten dagger, she charged after the beast determined to reclaim even a shred of her past glory, but her quarry would not be caught.  Three times she cornered the creature among the rocks and trees, and three times she pounced only to witness its fading shadow darting further into the woods.  Yet the full moon shone brightly, and the creature's trail was easy to follow.  Arriving in a clearing atop a high hill, the beast's massive feline form sat in the open, attentive and waiting.  When the woman brandished her dagger, the creature reared and roared and charged.  Death, it seemed, had come for her at long last in this strange place.  She stood, calm and ready.  A flash of movement, and the beast snatched the dagger from her hand before vanishing into the forest.  Stillness.  Hooded figures approached. In reverent tones they revealed that Selemene, Goddess of the Moon, had chosen her, had guided her, had tested her. Unwittingly she had endured the sacred rites of the Dark Moon, warriors of the Nightsilver Woods.
She was offered a choice: join the Dark Moon and pledge herself to the service of Selemene, or leave and never return. She did not hesitate. Embracing her absolution, she renounced her bloody past, and took up a new mantle as Luna of the Dark Moon, the dreaded Moon Rider, ruthless and ever-loyal guardian of the Nightsilver Woods."
"npc_dota_hero_dragon_knight_bio"	"在傳說中的龍塚——厄爾多姆試煉多年以後，騎士達維安發現自己的對手愈發不能令他滿意了：過去那個讓人聞風喪膽的神龍斯萊瑞克已經變得蒼老而脆弱，它的雙翼已經殘破，它所剩不多的龍鱗也開始腐爛，它的爪子變得腫大老化，它曾經引以為傲的火焰龍息現在威力和進水的火柴差不多。達維安覺得這樣的屠龍行徑已經不能給他帶來任何榮譽，轉身就要離開，讓他的老對手安靜的死去。但是他的腦海裡傳來了一個聲音，斯萊瑞克低聲的乞求著，讓達維安允許它光榮的戰死。達維安同意了，隨即發現他的憐憫給他帶來了意外的收穫：當他將手中的鋒刃刺入斯萊瑞克的胸膛時，龍使出最後的力量用龍爪刺穿了他的喉嚨，隨著他們血液的融合，斯萊瑞克將它所有的力量隨著血液賜予了達維安，也賜予了他龍族千萬年來的智慧。龍的死去將他們的命運完全的綁定在了一起，龍騎士橫空出世。古老的力量在龍騎士達維安的身體裡沉睡著，當他需要力量時則完全復甦。而龍族之力，也喚醒了騎士的所有力量..."
"[english]npc_dota_hero_dragon_knight_bio"	"After years on the trail of a legendary Eldwurm, the Knight Davion found himself facing a disappointing foe: the dreaded Slyrak had grown ancient and frail, its wings tattered, its few remaining scales stricken with scale-rot, its fangs ground to nubs, and its fire-gouts no more threatening than a pack of wet matchsticks. Seeing no honor to be gained in dragon-murder, Knight Davion prepared to turn away and leave his old foe to die in peace. But a voice crept into his thoughts, and Slyrak gave a whispered plea that Davion might honor him with death in combat. Davion agreed, and found himself rewarded beyond expectation for his act of mercy: As he sank his blade in Slyrak's breast, the dragon pierced Davion's throat with a talon. As their blood mingled, Slyrak sent his power out along the Blood Route, sending all its strength and centuries of wisdom to the knight.  The dragon's death sealed their bond and Dragon Knight was born. The ancient power slumbers in the Dragon Knight Davion, waking when he calls it. Or perhaps it is the Dragon that calls the Knight..."
"npc_dota_hero_dark_seer_bio"	"迅捷神速，足智多謀，黑暗賢者伊許卡菲爾並不需要多麼鋒利的武器來搏鬥，他總是運用強大的心靈之力來征服敵人。他有著顛覆戰局使之對己方有利的天才。迎著歡呼和敬意，他從一個叫做「牆末幻境」的世界走了出來，並不熱衷於這個世界的紛爭——他是一個來自現實世界之外的勇者。曾經，黑暗賢者是備受人民尊敬的將軍，是神王達瑪瑞克斯麾下英勇的保衛者，然而他的軍隊在邊境大戰的最後幾天，被一股更為強大的力量悉數殲滅。面臨如此慘敗，他絕望的做出了最後一個決定：引誘著敵軍進入了幻牆迷宮。在他即將被捕的前一刻，他穿過幻牆，釋放出強大的黑暗能量，將幻牆永遠的封印起來。當飛揚的塵土歸於平靜以後，他發現他成功的拯救了自己的人民，而自己卻沐浴在另一個世界的陽光下，亦真亦幻，無法回到現實世界。現在，他決心以一名戰略家的身分來證明自己的價值，並且立誓要讓這個新的世界見識他那偉大的謀略。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_dark_seer_bio"	"Fast when he needs to be, and a cunning strategist, Ish'Kafel the Dark Seer requires no edged weapons to vanquish his enemies, relying instead on the strength of his powerful mind. His talent lies in his ability to maneuver the fight to his advantage. Hailing from a place he calls 'The Land behind the wall,' Dark Seer remains an outsider here--a warrior from a realm beyond the veil of this reality.  
Once a great general among his people, and a valiant defender of the god-king Damathryx, Dark Seer's army was wiped out by a much larger force in the final days of the Great Boundaries War. Facing certain defeat, he made one last desperate act: he led the enemy forces into the maze between the walls. At the last moment, just before capture, he crossed over--then sealed the walls forever in an explosive release of dark energy. When the dust settled, he saw that he had saved his people but found himself blinking at the sun of a different world, with no way to return.  Now he is committed to proving his worth as a military strategist, and vows to show that he's the greatest tactician this strange new world has ever seen."
"npc_dota_hero_clinkz_bio"	"在流血丘陵的底部蔓延著一片龐大的森林——霍文林地，那裡有著數座幽森的湖泊，匯集著丘陵上流滲下來的血水。魔法師之王，薩瑟雷克斯仁慈地統御著這片領地。他最忠誠的手下克林克茲，霍文林地的誓約守護者，是一名技藝精湛的弓箭手。在魔法師之王統治的第三百年，來自第六獄的惡魔莫拉格斯出現了，聲稱要佔領這片森林。為了反擊，魔法師之王降下了一道牢不可破的咒語：任何打敗惡魔的人，都將獲得無盡的生命。克林克茲在對咒語一無所知的情況下，毅然地加入了對莫拉格斯的戰鬥中，保護他的土地免遭惡魔的屠殺。最後，克林克茲將莫拉格斯驅逐到了第六獄的傳送門前，在那裡與其進行了殊死的決鬥。雙雙重傷的情況下，惡魔竭盡生命之力放出了地獄之火，而克林克茲也射出了自己的最後一箭。在箭矢射中惡魔並將其殺死的同時，地獄之火也在大地上蔓延開來。然而，眼看克林克茲就要被活活燒死時，弓箭手的箭讓魔法師之王的咒語生效了，讓他以這種不潔的形態活了下來。現在，克林克茲肉體已失，生命被禁錮在死亡的契約之中，只留下灼熱的骷髏和無盡的怒氣。他永不停止的呼吸中，充斥著地獄的灼熱。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_clinkz_bio"	"At the base of the Bleeding Hills stretches a thousand-league wood, a place called The Hoven, where black pools gather the tarry blood of the uplands, and the king-mage Sutherex sits in benevolent rule. Once a sworn protector of the Hoven lands, Clinkz earned a reputation for his skill with a bow. In the three-hundredth year of the king-mage, the demon Maraxiform rose from sixth hell to lay claim to the forest. In response, the king-mage decreed an unbreakable spell: to any who slew the demon would be granted Life Without End.
Unaware of the spell, Clinkz waded into battle, defending his lands against the demon's fiery onslaught. Clinkz drove Maraxiform back to the gates of sixth-hell itself, where on that fiery threshold the two locked in a mortal conflict. Grievously wounded, the demon let out a blast of hellfire as Clinkz loosed his final arrow. The arrow struck the demon true as hellfire poured out across the land, lighting the black pools and burning Clinkz alive at the instant of the demon's death. Thus, the mage's spell took effect at the very moment of the archer's conflagration, preserving him in this unholy state, leaving him a being of bones and rage, caught in the very act of dying, carrying hell's breath with him on his journey into eternity."
"npc_dota_hero_enchantress_bio"	"從外表上看，愛由莎就像是一個天真無憂的森林精靈，儘管的確如此，但這也不是對她最為完整的評價。她對自然所遭受的苦難感同身受。她曾跋山涉水，穿越過斑駁的森林，走過四季變換，結識新的朋友，分享新的見聞，為她所到之處帶來自然的治癒和歡樂的笑容。因為在那些飽受戰亂折磨的地區，森林被大規模的砍伐，用作造船以及製造攻城車；而即使是在和平地區，也有人因為建造房屋而砍伐森林，為添加灶火而毀壞樹木。愛由莎從森林中的小精靈處聽聞了這些事情，這些小傢伙需要森林的蔭蔽來繁衍。她耐心地傾聽著那些苦於無法傾訴的人訴說著痛苦，堅信自己的鼓勵也是一種魅力，一種能夠讓未來再次充滿綠色的魅之魔力。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_enchantress_bio"	"Aiushtha appears to be an innocent, carefree creature of the woods, and while this is certainly true, it is hardly the sum of her story. She well understands the suffering of the natural world. She has wandered far, and fared through forests bright and drear, in every clime and every season, gathering friends, sharing news, bringing laughter and healing wherever she goes. For in worlds wracked by war, forests are leveled for the building of ships and siege engines; and even in places of peace, the woods are stripped for the building of homes, and as fuel for countless hearths. Aiushtha hears the pleas of the small creatures, the furtive folk who need green shade and a leafy canopy to thrive. She lends her ears to those who have no other listeners. She carries their stories from the wood to the world, believing that her own good cheer is a kind of Enchantment, that can itself fulfill the promise of a verdant future."
"npc_dota_hero_omniknight_bio"	"普利斯特雷霆之怒是一名見多識廣、勇於奮鬥、無比虔誠的騎士，他被聲望極高的騎士團長老撫養長大，作為他們的貼身侍衛，立誓遵守他們的命令。他將一生都獻給了全知全能的神。騎士團畢生都在進行艱苦的聖戰，而普利斯特也至死不渝的履行著他的職責，奉獻他的力量以及那年輕人特有的熱忱，從未有過懷疑。然而，多年的遠征讓他的長輩和上級都已經歸於塵土，帶著悔恨和愧疚，被埋葬在遠征路上的墓穴裡，他親如兄弟的戰友，在同那些拒絕臣服於全能之神的野蠻人的戰鬥中隕落，而他自己的親衛，也被伏擊、瘟疫吞噬，於是他開始質疑自己誓言的意義——遠征的意義。經過了深刻的冥想，他離開了他的軍隊，長途跋涉回到了晴雪城——傳說中的聖城，在那裡，他對全能之神的祭司們發出了質問。從來沒有哪個騎士膽敢如此，祭司們試圖將他投入獻祭之淵，然而普利斯特卻如山一般無法撼動。因為當他俯視著祭司時，全身閃耀著聖潔之光，祭司們看到全能之神選擇了他作為其顯聖之身。年長的大祭司見狀，便親自花費了數周的時間，指引他前往聖城深處的密室，世間最為聖潔之地，在那裡等著他的，並不是一些充滿智慧的晦澀抽象的書籍，也不是什麼供人信奉的洞窟遺跡，而是全能之神本尊。神在這個密室裡已經居住了千萬年，並且創造了世間萬物，在星球周圍創造了巨大的保護外殼，抵禦來自其他世界的邪惡。全能之神告訴普利斯特，他創造了世界，並且給予了教徒世間的真理。騎士沒有辦法駁斥這個故事。也許全能之神只是一個被關在石牢裡面的騙子，根本不是什麼創世者，但是全能騎士也不再質疑他的信仰。他的戰鬥終於有了意義，毫無疑問，他身體裡面湧動著神聖的光明之力，而他在戰鬥中帶給戰友的力量，更是不容置疑。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_omniknight_bio"	"Purist Thunderwrath was a hard-fighting, road-worn, deeply committed knight, sworn to the order in which he had grown up as squire to elder knights of great reputation. He had spent his entire life in the service of the Omniscience, the All Seeing One. Theirs was a holy struggle, and so embedded was he in his duty that he never questioned it so long as he had the strength to fight and the impetuous valor that comes with youth. But over the long years of the crusade, as his elders passed away and were buried in sorry graves at the side of muddy tracks, as his bond-brothers fell in battle to uncouth creatures that refused to bow to the Omniscience, as his own squires were chewed away by ambush and plague and bad water, he began to question the meaning of his vows--the meaning of the whole crusade. After deep meditation, he parted ways with his army and commenced a long trek back to the cave-riddled cliffs of Emauracus, and there he set a challenge to the priests of the Omniscience. No knight had ever questioned them before, and they tried to throw him into the pit of sacrifice, but Purist would not be moved. For as he faced them down, he began to glow with a holy light, and they saw that the Omniscience had chosen to reveal Itself to him. The Elder Hierophant led him on a journey of weeks down into the deepest chamber, the holy of holies, where waited not some abstract concept of wisdom and insight, not some carved relic requiring an injection of imagination to believe in, but the old one itself. It had not merely dwelt in those rocks for billions of aeons; no, It had created them. The Omniscience had formed the immense mineral shell of the planet around itself, as a defense against the numerous terrors of space. Thus the All Seeing One claimed to have created the world, and given the other truths revealed to Purist on that day, the knight had no reason to refute the story. Perhaps the Omniscience is a liar, deep in its prison of stone, and not the world's creator at all, but Omniknight never again questioned his faith. His campaign had meaning at last. And there can be no question that the glorious powers that imbue him, and give his companions such strength in battle, are real beyond any doubt."
"npc_dota_hero_huskar_bio"	"從虛無之境帶給他的劇痛中逃離後，哈斯卡終於睜開了雙眼，醒來的第一件事卻是發現闇影牧師戴佐正在對他吟唱一個艱深的咒語。哈斯卡的靈魂從永恆虛無中被救了出來，這是違背了德尊教團古老儀式的準則的，然而和其他去過虛無之境的人一樣，哈斯卡也發現自己的身體被那裡所徹底改變了。他不再憐憫凡人的肉體，他的生命之血成為了強大的力量泉源，每一滴鮮血都給他加倍的狂暴的、灼熱的能量。然而，這一新生的天賦卻激怒了哈斯卡，因為在拯救他逃離虛無之境時，戴佐拒絕讓他進入神靈之地。他的自我犧牲也被拒絕。當教團的的長老們試圖尋找一個擴大自己影響的方法時，他們一致認為哈斯卡將成為他們在戰爭中最可怕的武器。然而，成為教團的武器讓哈斯卡更加憤怒，因為他們不僅利用他，還否定了他與生俱來的權利。於是在戰鼓擊響之際，他逃離了家鄉，去尋找新的盟友，尋找那些值得他犧牲自己，釋放強大力量的盟友。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_huskar_bio"	"Emerging from the throes of the sacred Nothl Realm, Huskar opened his eyes to see the prodigal shadow priest Dazzle working a deep incantation over him. Against the ancient rites of the Dezun Order, Huskar's spirit had been saved from eternity, but like all who encounter the Nothl he found himself irrevocably changed. No longer at the mercy of a mortal body, his very lifeblood became a source of incredible power; every drop spilled was returned tenfold with a fierce, burning energy. However this newfound gift infuriated Huskar, for in his rescue from the Nothl, Dazzle had denied him a place among the gods. He had been denied his own holy sacrifice. In time the elders of the order sought to expand their influence and Huskar, they agreed, would be a formidable tool in their campaign. Yet becoming a mere weapon for the order that denied him his birthright only upset him further. As the first embers of war appeared on the horizon, he fled his ancestral home to find new allies, all the while seeking a cause worthy of unleashing the power his total sacrifice could bring."
"npc_dota_hero_night_stalker_bio"	"暗夜魔王巴拉那的過去無人知曉，流傳的只有一些道聽塗說的稗官野史。在每一個種族，每一個文明中，都流傳著一段古老的傳說：在被稱為永夜的那段時間，黑夜籠罩，大地被一群黑暗生物——暗夜魔王那樣的黑暗生物所通知的傳說。據說，在日出之日的黎明，所有的夜行生物都滅亡了。所有的，除了他。他是邪惡的化身，他對自己的兇殘十分滿意，他是所有黑暗恐懼的源頭，他是夜魔，他是嚇唬小孩子故事裡面永恆的幽靈。而他自己最滿意的角色並不是那些傳說中虛構的種種。他的確喜歡獵殺那些粗心大意的，毫無防備的，膽敢不顧他們朋友勸告而去陽光無法照耀到的路上行走的冒失鬼。暗夜魔王的存在，就是為了告訴世界，你們的夢魘...都是真的。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_night_stalker_bio"	"Of the Night Stalker, there is no history, only stories. There are ancient tales woven into the lore of every race and every culture, of an impossible time before sunlight and daytime, when night reigned alone and the world was covered with the creatures of darkness--creatures like Balanar the Night Stalker. 
It is said that on the dawn of the First Day, all the night creatures perished. All, that is, save one. Evil's embodiment, Night Stalker delights in his malevolence. He created the primal role of the Night Terror, the Boogeyman, and as long as there have been younglings, his is the specter summoned to terrify them. This is a role he relishes; nor are these empty theatrics. He does indeed stalk the unwary, the defenseless, those who have strayed beyond the lighted paths or denied the warnings of their communities. Night Stalker serves as living proof that every child's worst nightmare....is true."
"npc_dota_hero_broodmother_bio"	"幾個世紀以來，育母蜘蛛布萊克‧艾拉齊妮雅一直潛伏在灼神山的火山口岩洞中，悉心的照料著數以百萬計的幼蟲，保證他們能夠安全的存活到去地上世界捕食的年齡。直到後來，索羅普瑟斯，一個貪婪的權臣，在死火山的火山口修建了他的私人廟塔，因為他知道，就算有人覬覦他的財富，也不能活著穿越那條蜘蛛出沒的死亡之路。在安享了幾百年的安寧後，布萊克‧艾拉卡妮亞發現一些不速之客不停的在干擾著她的生活，毛手毛腳的小偷、有勇無謀的騎士，以及出生貴族的年輕人——誠然，他們都是美味的食物，但是他們的到來切實的影響到了她照料她那「無辜」的後代。忍無可忍之下，她去造訪了索羅普瑟斯，而這個權臣卻不願意妥協，於是她用蛛絲將他裹起來，扔到一邊，留給那些即將出生的小崽子們美味一頓。不幸的是，廟塔主人的失蹤卻讓更多的人壯著膽子前來騷擾。而當她的一名新生兒被一個冒失的探險者踩死時，她終於爆發了。育母蜘蛛向著地上世界前進，誓言要清洗掉世界上所有可能對她的孩子有威脅的入侵者，即使是英雄也不例外，直到確保她能夠為她那珍貴的小蜘蛛們提供一個安全健康的溫床。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_broodmother_bio"	"For centuries, Black Arachnia the Broodmother lurked in the dark lava tubes beneath the smoldering caldera of Mount Pyrotheos, raising millions of spiderlings in safety before sending them to find prey in the wide world above. In a later age, the Vizier of Greed, Ptholopthales, erected his lodestone ziggurat on the slopes of the dead volcano, knowing that any looters who sought his magnetic wealth must survive the spider-haunted passages. After millennia of maternal peace, Black Arachnia found herself beset by a steady trickle of furfeet and cutpurses, bold knights and noble youths--all of them delicious, certainly, and yet tending to create a less than nurturing environment for her innocent offspring. Tiring of the intrusions, she paid a visit to Ptholopthales; and when he proved unwilling to discuss a compromise, she wrapped the Vizier in silk and set him aside to be the centerpiece of a special birthday feast. Unfortunately, the absence of the Magnetic Ziggurat's master merely emboldened a new generation of intruders. When one of her newborns was trodden underfoot by a clumsy adventurer, she reached the end of her silken rope. Broodmother headed for the surface, declaring her intent to rid the world of each and every possible invader, down to the last Hero if necessary, until she could ensure her nursery might once more be a safe and wholesome environment for her precious spiderspawn."
"npc_dota_hero_bounty_hunter_bio"	"當有人講起賞金獵人剛鐸時，沒人知道這些故事的真實性，唯一確定的是，講述這些故事的人都死了。他們悄悄地告訴旁人，賞金獵人只是個被遺棄的工具，學習追蹤術只是為了生存。也有人說他是戰爭中的倖存者，被偉大的獵手索魯克帶走，在黑暗的森林中授予他高超的刃術。還有一些人相信他只是在一群小偷扒手中長大的頑童，精於偷盜和誤導。被剛鐸追殺的人每次一提起他，恐懼就會劇增：他們說多年來追殺瘋狂的幕後攝政者戈夫，並取下了他的頭顱和權杖為證的人，正是剛鐸；滲透進入海西特反叛軍營地，將傳奇盜賊「白色海角」送回審判庭的人，正是剛鐸；終結獵手索魯克的職業生涯，讓其為殺死王子的得力殺手付出代價的人，正是剛鐸。剛鐸的傳奇還在繼續，每一個故事都比之前的更加不可思議；每一個獵物都比之前的更加難以追捕，只要價錢公道，誰都會被發現；只要價錢公道，最強大的戰士也會在陰影中顫抖。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_bounty_hunter_bio"	"When the hunted tell tales of Gondar the Bounty Hunter, none are sure of which are true. In whispered tones they say he was abandoned as a kit, learning his skill in tracking as a matter of simple survival. Others hear he was an orphan of war, taken in by the great Soruq the Hunter to learn the master's skill with a blade as they plumbed the dark forests for big game. Still others believe he was a lowly street urchin raised among a guild of cutpurses and thieves, trained in the arts of stealth and misdirection. Around campfires in the wild countryside his quarry speaks the rumors of Gondar's work, growing ever more fearful: they say it was he who tracked down the tyrant King Goff years after the mad regent went into hiding, delivering his head and scepter as proof. That it was he who infiltrated the rebel camps at Highseat, finally bringing the legendary thief White Cape to be judged for his crimes. And that it was he who ended the career of Soruq the Hunter, condemned as a criminal for killing the Prince's prized hellkite. The tales of Gondar's incredible skill stretch on, with each daring feat more unbelievable than the last, each target more elusive. For the right price, the hunted know, anyone can be found. For the right price, even the mightiest may find fear in the shadows."
"npc_dota_hero_weaver_bio"	"創世之紗需要長期細心的照料，以防止其變得殘破；因為一旦它散開了，整個世界就將毀於一旦。編織者的工作就是保持創世之紗的緊密，用現實之網修補它的破損。他們同樣要防止那些在創世之紗的缺口上產卵或者侵蝕創世之紗的蟲子，只要編織者稍微分心，這些傢伙的幼蟲就能吞噬掉整個宇宙。斯吉斯喀爾是一名大師級的編織者，負責維護一塊小補丁的緊密。然而這項任務並不能滿足他，他經常嘮叨過去那些原始的創造工作，對幹完活就走人的世界紡織者也是頗有微詞。他想創造，不想只是維護——他想按自己的設計編織出自己的世界。他開始在他負責的區域上做手腳，逐漸不能自拔，他的膽子也愈來愈大，甚至私自改動了世界紡織者編織的圖案。最後，守衛者來了，毀掉了編織者所作的一切，直接從創世之紗上去除了這一塊，然後重新編織，卻不讓他參與其中。斯吉斯喀爾現在孤身一人，被種群所棄，換做任何其他編織者，都會備受折磨。然而斯吉斯喀爾卻無比愉悅，因為他終於自由了，能夠自由的創造，重頭開始。他創造新世界所需的所有材料都觸手可及。他只需要從缺口處將現在的世界撕裂。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_weaver_bio"	"The fabric of creation needs constant care, lest it grow tattered; for when it unravels, whole worlds come undone. It is the work of the Weavers to keep the fabric tight, to repair worn spots in the mesh of reality. They also defend from the things that gnaw and lay their eggs in frayed regions, whose young can quickly devour an entire universe if the Weavers let their attention lapse. Skitskurr was a master Weaver, charged with keeping one small patch of creation tightly woven and unfaded. But the job was not enough to satisfy. It nagged him that the original work of creation all lay in the past; the Loom had done its work and travelled on. He wanted to create rather than merely maintain--to weave worlds of his own devising.  He began making small changes to his domain, but the thrill of creation proved addictive, and his strokes became bolder, pulling against the pattern that the Loom had woven. The guardians came, with their scissors, and Weaver's world was pared off, snipped from the cosmic tapestry, which they rewove without him in it. Skitskurr found himself alone, apart from his kind, a state that would have been torment for any other Weaver. But Skitskurr rejoiced, for now he was free. Free to create for himself, to begin anew. The raw materials he needed to weave a new reality were all around him. All he had to do was tear apart this old world at the seams."
"npc_dota_hero_jakiro_bio"	"即使是在那些奇怪的魔法生物中，雙頭龍也算是一頭怪物。同時擁有著冰火之力，狡黠且狂猛，被稱為傑奇洛的雙頭龍在戰場上空肆意的灼燒大地，冰封敵人，將膽敢和它對抗的所有事物變成廢墟。灼霜龍族的窩中從來都是有兩隻幼龍。與生俱來的兇殘使它們聞名於世，這一種族中，新孵化的幼龍在出生一開始就會努力的殺死自己的兄弟姐妹。強者生存。這就是灼霜龍族維繫其強大力量的辦法。在一次意外中，怪胎傑奇洛從一個龍蛋裡孵化出來了，在這一頭幼龍的身體裡有著灼霜龍族所有的力量。在它那厚重的龍鱗內，蘊含著冰火之力，在這樣的力量面前，隨時可能喪命。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_jakiro_bio"	"Even among magical beasts, a twin-headed dragon is a freak. Equal parts ice and fire, cunning and rage, the creature known as Jakiro glides over charred and ice-bound battlefields, laying waste to any who would bear arms against it. Pyrexae dragon clutches always contain two fledglings. Famous for their viciousness even from the first moments of life, newly hatched dragons of this species will try to kill their sibling while still in the nest. Only the strongest survive. In this way is the strength of the Pyrexae line ensured. By some accident of nature, the freak Jakiro hatched from a single egg, combining in a single individual the full range of abilities found within the diverse Pyrexae species. Trapped within the armature of its monstrous body, the powers of ice and fire combine, and now no enemy is safe."
"npc_dota_hero_batrider_bio"	"那些生活在荒獄叢林中的生物根本不知道什麼叫和平共處。它們只知道用牙咬，用爪撓，用蟄刺，用蹄踩，即使稍微露怯也能讓你立刻死去。據說蝙蝠騎士在被外出覓食的食人蝠帶走之前，只是一個普通農家的孩子，正在田地裡幫忙做農活。然而被帶走後，他立刻想出了好點子，翻身騎上了抓住他的蝙蝠的後背，轉眼間蝙蝠就成了他的工具。當他從那些血腥的屍骸中走出來時，他已經沉醉於戰鬥給他帶來的興奮和刺激，男孩終於意識到了自己內心深處的渴望。隨著他的成長，每個夏天他都會回到家裡的農田中，經常外出躲在草叢中，期望能夠找回當年的血盆大口和致命的下墜給他帶來的面對死亡的興奮。時間一年年的過去，他的渴望變得愈發強烈。為了快速成長，他參加了每一次的遠征，直到他找到了蝙蝠洞穴的路。據說在一個灼熱仲夏的前夜，騎士只帶了一捆繩索、一瓶壯膽酒以及灼熱的決心，為了再次感受到天空，他隻身跳入洞穴..."
"[english]npc_dota_hero_batrider_bio"	"There is no such thing as harmony among the creatures of the Yama Raskav Jungle. By bite, or claw, or pincer, or hoof, even the slightest sign of weakness means a swift death. They say the Rider was just a lad cutting chaff in his family's field when he was taken, swept up by a massive morde-bat looking for take-out. But this boy had a better idea, and wriggled his way from his captor's grip, onto the beast's back, and hacked it down with his tools. Emerging from the bloody wreckage and intoxicated by the thrill of flight, the boy realized he'd found his calling.  The boy grew, and every summer he'd return to his family's field, often setting out into the bush seeking to reclaim that first thrill of facing death in the form of jaws or a fatal fall. The years went on, but his fire only grew stronger. He studied the overgrowth, plunging deeper with each expedition, until finally he found his way to the caves at the heart of hostility. They say the Rider, on the eve of a scorching summer night, had nothing but a rope, a bottle of liquid courage and a burning determination to feel the skies once more, when he plunged inside..."
"npc_dota_hero_chen_bio"	"生於毫無信仰的哈紮達爾廢墟，陳出生的年代正是那些沙漠中的遊蕩部落苦苦掙扎求生的時期。通過古老的動物奴役手段，陳的同胞們悉心地看護著沙漠中特有的掘地蜥，這是一種發育不良的掘地龍變種，能夠將沙熔為集雨的玻璃管道——儘管兩年才下一次雨。長期掙扎在饑荒和乾旱的邊緣，不停和周圍的部落爭鬥，陳的部落做了一個錯誤的決定，在宿命註定的那一天，他們襲擊了一個不該襲擊的車隊。在接下來的殘酷戰鬥中，陳的部落完全處於下風。他們的襲擊對象——全副武裝的教會騎士，很快的清理掉了一大波攻擊的掘地蜥。隨著部落的神龍死去，族人們也接連被殺死。陳掙扎著，忍著刀傷，爬行著，幾近死去。失敗以後，他跪著準備接受充滿羞辱的處決，引頸待戮。仲裁者被陳的勇氣所打動，沒有處死他。他給陳提供了一個選擇：死亡還是改變信仰。陳開始執著的信仰神靈。他加入了教會，通過一次又一次血腥的改造，他逐漸贏得了自己的地位和武裝。而現在，出於對改造他人信仰的狂熱，力量達到巔峰的他，和他的動物奴役一起，尋找著那些無信仰之人，給予最終的「賞賜」。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_chen_bio"	"Born in the godless Hazhadal Barrens, Chen came of age among the outlaw tribes who eked out an existence in the shimmering heat of the desert.  Using an ancient form of animal enthrallment, Chen's people husbanded the hardy desert locuthi, a stunted species of burrowing dragon that melted desert sands into tubes of glass where twice-a-year rains collected.  Always on the edge of starvation and thirst, fighting amongst their neighbors and each other, Chen's clan made the mistake, one fateful day, of ambushing the wrong caravan. 
In the vicious battle that followed, Chen's clan was outmatched.  The armored Knights of the Fold made short work of the enthralled locuthi, who attacked and died in waves.  With their dragons dead, the tribesmen followed. Chen struggled, and slashed, and clawed, and perished--or would have. Defeated, on his knees, he faced his execution with humility, offering his neck to the blade. Moved by Chen's obvious courage, the executioner halted his sword. Instead of the blade, Chen was given a choice: death or conversion. Chen took to the faith with a ferocity. He joined the Fold and earned his armor one bloody conversion at a time. Now, with the fanaticism of a convert, and with his powers of animal enthrallment at their peak, he seeks out unbelievers and introduces them to their final reward."
"npc_dota_hero_spectre_bio"	"和所有強大的能量都喜歡欺淩弱小一樣，被稱為墨丘利的幽鬼也是一個擁有著強橫能量的存在，同樣的，她對現實世界中的衝突和紛爭無比著迷。然而她平時的幽鬼形態超越了常人的感知範圍，因此每當她以實體形態出現時，她不得不損失一部分自我能量——儘管她也不願意。在戰鬥中，她的自我意識逐漸散落並重新聚合，她也開始有了意識。她意識到了自己是幽鬼墨丘利——其他所有的鬼影都只是她自我的陰影。出於重新凝聚的打算，她開始專注，她的心智也在不斷地成熟。只有等到她取得勝利或者徹底失敗時，她那超物質的形態才會得以重聚。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_spectre_bio"	"Just as higher states of energy seek a lower level, the Spectre known as Mercurial is a being of intense and violent energy who finds herself irresistibly drawn to scenes of strife as they unfold in the physical world. While her normal spectral state transcends sensory limitations, each time she takes on a physical manifestation, she is stricken by a loss of self--though not of purpose. In the clash of combat, her identity shatters and reconfigures, and she begins to regain awareness. She grasps that she is Mercurial the Spectre--and that all of her Haunts are but shadows of the one true Spectre. Focus comes in the struggle for survival; her true mind reasserts itself; until in the final moments of victory or defeat, she transcends matter and is restored once more to her eternal form."
"npc_dota_hero_doom_bringer_bio"	"他的烈焰永不熄滅，他的吞噬永不停歇，他的殺戮無人能擋——路西法帶給他的敵人的只有末日。手持火焰之劍，掠奪靈魂，他就是墮落者，暗之國度曾經備受敬畏的將軍，卻因蔑視君王而被放逐：他拒絕下跪。六次長鳴，法軒昂都的喪鐘因為他的殺戮而無法停息；六十六次展翼，他將所到之處連同自己的惡魔翅膀一起化作灰燼。失去那遮天蔽日的雙翼之後，他尖叫著墜向大地，落到了沙漠中的火山口中，無法再次飛翔。而現在，他再無任何憐憫，他殺戮也不再需要理由。他那不可思議的天賦從此扭曲，被無法擺脫的欲望驅使著，末日使者所到之處即是地獄。他蔑視這世間的一切，而這世界，也終將為他所有。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_doom_bringer_bio"	"He that burns and is not consumed, devours and is never sated, kills and is beyond all judgment--Lucifer brings doom to all who would stand against him. Bearing away souls on the tip of a fiery sword, he is the Fallen One, a once-favored general from the realm behind the light, cast out for the sin of defiance: he would not kneel. 
Six times his name was tolled from the great bell of Vashundol. Six and sixty times his wings were branded, until only smoking stumps remained. Without wings, he slipped loose from the tethers that bound him within the light and he fell screaming to earth. A crater in the desert, Paradise lost.  Now he attacks without mercy, without motive, the only living being able to move freely between the seven dark dominions. Lashed by inescapable needs, twisted by unimaginable talents, Doom carries his own hell with him wherever he goes. Defiant to the last. Eventually, the world will belong to Doom."
"npc_dota_hero_ancient_apparition_bio"	"遠古幽魂卡爾德，是超越時間的虛幻投影。他源自宇宙誕生與毀滅前後的冰冷無盡虛空。卡爾德在當下、在過去，他應該是……就我們所能感受到的，是相當強悍的存在，但這只是永恆的卡爾德最微不足道，逐漸淡去的幻象。某些人認為隨著宇宙逐漸衰老，並面臨滅亡時，卡爾德的光芒和能量也將匯聚－遠古幽魂將會隨著永恆的盡頭變得年輕且壯大。他的寒冰束縛將能凍結一切，他的幻影將能投射出無人能擋的光芒。不再只是幻影幽魂！"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_ancient_apparition_bio"	"Kaldr, the Ancient Apparition, is an image projected from outside time. He springs from the cold, infinite void that both predates the universe and awaits its end. Kaldr is, Kaldr was, Kaldr shall be...and what we perceive, powerful as it appears to us, is but the faintest faded echo of the true, eternal Kaldr. Some believe that as the cosmos ages and approaches its final moments, the brightness and power of Kaldr will also intensify--that the Ancient Apparition will grow younger and stronger as eternity's end draws nigh. His grip of ice will bring all matter to a stop, his image will cast a light too terrible to behold. An Apparition no longer!"
"npc_dota_hero_ursa_bio"	"戰士烏爾薩是熊怪部落最強大的一員，保護著他的家園和人民。在漫長的冬季，當女性族人在睡覺和照料後代時，男性則外出巡邏，他們不知疲倦、保持警惕，按著自古以來的傳統守衛著部落。烏爾薩聽見一些模糊但在增加的傳言說有一股邪惡勢力正在擴散，他便跑出了這個野性部族的邊界線，希望追蹤到這個邪惡勢力並在它能危害到他的人民之前，就將其在源頭摧毀。自豪的烏爾薩有著明亮而強大的精神靈魂，他是個絕對值得信任的忠實戰友和守衛者。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_ursa_bio"	"Ulfsaar the Warrior is the fiercest member of an ursine tribe, protective of his land and his people. During the long winters, while the mothers sleep and nurse their cubs, the males patrol the lands above as tireless, vigilant defenders of their ancient ways. Hearing dim but growing rumors of a spreading evil, Ulfsaar headed out beyond the boundaries of his wild wooded homeland, intending to track down and destroy the threat at its source, before it could endanger his people. He is a proud creature with a bright strong spirit, utterly trustworthy, a staunch ally and defender."
"npc_dota_hero_gyrocopter_bio"	"在畢生服役期間經歷無數戰爭、起義、動盪、革命之後，軍官奧雷爾已心生厭倦。不過除了一些瑣碎哦徽章以及一筆可觀的退休金，這位工程師在離開軍隊時還帶走了一樣相當有趣的東西：一張乏人問津、尚未完成的旋翼機設計圖，這是世界上第一架人力駕駛、不依靠魔力的飛行裝置。退休後他來到酷熱的灰燼群島隱居，握有大把的時間和金錢，開始著手製造飛行裝置。隨著時光飛逝，原型機的失敗品也堆積如山，他甚至懷疑機械驅動的飛行機是否真的可行。在他退休後第十年的第一天，一個風光明媚、南風微拂的午後，奧雷爾坐在他最新製作的飛機旁，一想到這次也必然失敗就令他十分惱羞懊悔。在拉動導火線且聽到引擎的隆隆聲的之後，他趕緊護住頭部，等待與往常一樣的爆炸發生。然而大大出乎意料之外地，他發現自己開始升空了，經過一陣慌亂的調整，旋翼機漸漸趨向穩定。在接下來的一小時內，他乘著微風，與海鷗結伴而行，奧雷爾感受到飛行帶來的無比奧妙。當夜幕即將降臨，他準備返回工作室時，他的旋翼機尾翼被一發砲彈硬生生擊中。從墜毀的殘骸脫身後，他游向眼前最近的島嶼，然後眼見那艘發射砲彈的船竟然在蒐集他的飛機殘骸，不禁咒罵他們將因此付出代價。數天後，奧雷爾回到工作室，開始進行製造另一架新型旋翼機，一架載有超多危險飛彈和導彈的自轉旋翼機。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_gyrocopter_bio"	"After serving through a lifetime of wars, upheaval, riots, and revolutions, the brass figured Aurel had seen enough. But in addition to a few trinkets and his considerable pension, the erstwhile engineer left with something far more interesting: a long-forgotten, incomplete schematic for a Gyrocopter, the world's first manned, non-magical flying device. Retiring to the tropical obscurity of the Ash Archipelago with little else but time and money, he set to work building the device. As the years wore on and the remains of failed prototypes began to pile up, he began to wonder if mechanical flight was even possible. A decade and a day after his retirement, on a sunny afternoon with a southerly breeze, Aurel sat in his latest attempt bristling with indignation and expectant failure. With a grunt of effort he pulled the ignition cord and covered his head, waiting for the inevitable explosion. However to his great surprise he began to lift and, following a few panicked adjustments, stabilize. Within an hour, he was ducking and weaving with the breeze, level with the gulls, and Aurel found himself filled with the breathless wonder of flight. As dusk settled in he set a course back to his workshop, but no sooner had he turned his craft when a cannonball tore through his tailfin. Disentangling himself from the wreckage, he swam toward the nearest piece of land in sight, and cursed to see the ship responsible for the cannonball collecting the debris. Days later, when Aurel returned to his workshop, he set to work on yet another gyrocopter, this one capable of carrying a much heavier, more dangerous payload."
"npc_dota_hero_spirit_breaker_bio"	"裂魂人巴拉森來自元素領域，他高傲、強大、兇猛且精通元素之力，來到物質世界參與那些會影響到元素世界的事件。為此他準備了一個能派上用處的形態，既存在於我們的物質世界，又存在於物質世界之外。他的物理形態來自於我們的物質世界，又像牛又像人，有蹄和手，這個外表象徵著他的力量、速度與狡猾。他戴著的鼻環則暗示了他侍奉於一位藏在幕後的主人，而這個世界對他來說不過是元素世界的影子。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_spirit_breaker_bio"	"Barathrum the Spirit Breaker is a lordly and powerful being, a fierce and elemental intelligence which chose to plane-shift into the world of matter to take part in events with repercussions in the elemental realm that is his home. To that end, he assembled a form that would serve him well, both in our world and out of it. His physical form borrows from the strengths of this world, blending features both bovine and simian--horns, hooves and hands--as outward emblems of his inner qualities of strength, speed and cunning. He wears a ring in his nose, as a reminder that he serves a hidden master, and that this world in which he works is but a shadow of the real one."
"npc_dota_hero_alchemist_bio"	"投身神聖的化學事業是黑釀家族的傳統，但是年輕的拉澤爾無論是野心、創造力還是執著都超出了家族中的任何一人。然而在他成年以後，他卻將家族事業置之不顧，開始試著用煉金術製造黃金。如他大膽的名聲所述，有一次他宣佈要把一整座山全部變成金子。在浪費了二十年時間進行研究和準備後，他的煉金術在眾人面前壯觀地失敗了，實驗造成了大面積的破壞，很快他就被囚禁了。然後拉澤爾從不輕易退步，他一直在尋找機會逃出去繼續他的研究。當他的牢房來了一個兇猛的食人魔獄友後，他發現機會來了。說服食人魔不要吃他後，拉澤爾用牢房石地上生長的黴菌和苔蘚為原料，仔細地調和著一種藥酊，準備給食人魔喝。花了一周不到的時間，藥酊似乎完成了。當食人魔喝下藥劑後，它突然變得狂怒起來，像個無法阻擋的狂戰士般，破壞了監獄的鐵欄，衝破了牆壁和獄卒。很快他們就發現自己在城市週邊的森林中迷路了，雖然留下了一路破壞的蹤跡，但沒有追兵的跡象。受到藥劑後遺症的作用，食人魔顯得很安詳、快樂，也更熱心了。決定合夥後，這對搭檔再次出發去尋找拉澤爾煉金術試驗所需要的材料。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_alchemist_bio"	"The sacred science of Chymistry was a Darkbrew family tradition, but no Darkbrew had ever shown the kind of creativity, ambition, and recklessness of young Razzil. However, when adulthood came calling he pushed aside the family trade to try his hand at manufacturing gold through Alchemy. In an act of audacity befitting his reputation, Razzil announced he would transmute an entire mountain into gold. Following two decades of research and spending and preparation, he failed spectacularly, quickly finding himself imprisoned for the widespread destruction his experiment wrought. Yet Razzil was never one to take a setback lightly, and sought escape to continue his research. When his new cellmate turned out to be a fierce ogre, he found just the opportunity he needed. After convincing the ogre not to eat him, Razzil set about carefully concocting a tincture for it to drink, made from the moulds and mosses growing in the prison stone work. In a week's time, it seemed ready. When the ogre drank the potion, it flew into an unstoppable berserker rage, destroying the cell bars and exploding through walls and guards alike. They soon found themselves lost somewhere in the forest surrounding the city with a trail of wreckage in their wake and no signs of pursuit.  In the tonic's afterglow, the ogre seemed serene, happy, and even eager. Resolving to work together, the pair set off to collect the materials needed to attempt Razzil's Alchemic transmutation once more."
"npc_dota_hero_invoker_bio"	"在魔法之初，或者說魔法最初的形式，是一門記憶的藝術。它無需任何科技，也無需魔杖或者其他附屬物，只需要你有一顆魔法師的心。所有的那些祭祀裡面的繁文縟節也僅僅是幫助記憶的手段，初衷是為了讓學徒能夠回想起施放法術時那大量的細節以及步驟。在那個年代，最偉大的法師就是記憶天賦最高的人，然而魔法召喚實在是太過艱深，因此所有的法師都有自己的專攻。即使是最刻苦的法師，將一輩子奉獻給魔法，最多也只能掌握三到四個咒語。普通的法師也就能掌握兩個，而對於那些鄉村神棍來說，掌握一個咒語也是正常的——即使這樣他都要透過查閱魔典來避免有時候需要使用魔法的時候突然想不起來。然而，在那些早期的魔法學徒中，有一個例外，一個智力超群，記憶力驚人的天才，被稱為召喚師的加若。在年少時，加若就已經掌握了十種咒術，是的，不是四個，不是五個，也不是七個，而是十個，而且他還能毫不費力的施放這些法術。他後來學到了更多的法術，但是覺得這些沒什麼用，試過一次以後，就不願意花心思去記住了，這樣才能為其他更為有用的法術留出空間。這些有用的法術的典型代表就是永生之咒——能讓施法者永生的咒語，那些在世界之初吟唱了這個咒語的人現在還活得好好的（除非他們被物質毀滅了）。而大多數該咒語的受益者都低調的生活在我們中間，害怕他們的秘密洩露：然而召喚師則是一個樂於分享他的天賦的人。他來自創世之初，比任何人都要博學，而他的心智還能讓他去思考他的自我價值...以及更多的法術——他在世界末日前漫長的黎明用來自娛自樂的法術。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_invoker_bio"	"In its earliest, and some would say most potent form, magic was primarily the art of memory. It required no technology, no wands or appurtenances other than the mind of the magician. All the trappings of ritual were merely mnemonic devices, meant to allow the practitioner to recall in rich detail the specific mental formulae that unlocked a spell's power. The greatest mages in those days were the ones blessed with the greatest memories, and yet so complex were the invocations that all wizards were forced to specialize. The most devoted might hope in a lifetime to have adequate recollection of three spells--four at most. Ordinary wizards were content to know two, and it was not uncommon for a village mage to know only one--with even that requiring him to consult grimoires as an aid against forgetfulness on the rare occasions when he might be called to use it. But among these early practitioners there was one exception, a genius of vast intellect and prodigious memory who came to be known as the Invoker. In his youth, the precocious wizard mastered not four, not five, not even seven incantations: He could command no fewer than ten spells, and cast them instantly. Many more he learned but found useless, and would practice once then purge from his mind forever, to make room for more practical invocations. One such spell was the Sempiternal Cantrap--a longevity spell of such power that those who cast it in the world's first days are among us still (unless they have been crushed to atoms). Most of these quasi-immortals live quietly, afraid to admit their secret: But Invoker is not one to keep his gifts hidden. He is ancient, learned beyond all others, and his mind somehow still has space to contain an immense sense of his own worth...as well as the Invocations with which he amuses himself through the long slow twilight of the world's dying days."
"npc_dota_hero_silencer_bio"	"諾崇作為一支被精心培養的血脈第七代和最後一代的傳人之一，從小被叫做風蝕之寒的古老組織以「世間最偉大的法師」為目標所豢養。兩百年來，經過每代精挑細選男女的結合，優秀血統逐代累積，到諾崇這裡臻於頂峰。他是預言中為風蝕之寒帶來至高榮耀的戰鬥法師，同時毀滅他們不共戴天的仇敵：教會騎士團。鳥瞰哈扎達爾瘠地的群山的環抱中，有一個秘密營地，諾崇和其他年輕的法師在那裡長大。組織的導師們一直在期待著諾崇展現他獨特的稟賦。當其他學徒開始修煉自己或冰、或火、或是咒術的天賦時，諾崇如庸才般靜靜地坐在一旁，甚至連變形術都施展不出來。隨著最終試煉的臨近，他依舊未找到屬於自己的魔法。諾崇被導師厭惡痛斥，還被其他學徒嘲弄，甚至風蝕之寒的長老也公然對他宣稱：「你根本不是法師！」即便如此，諾崇也沒有退縮。最終試煉那天，他靜靜俯視著那些嘲笑過他的法師們，隨後，他們所有人和所有導師們都學到了一個寶貴的教訓：魔法之極在於封印寂靜。諾崇把其他資優的年輕法師一個一個沉默，讓他們不得不與他近身肉搏。最後，場上只站著諾崇他一個人。正如預言，諾崇成為風蝕之寒的首席法師。之後，諾崇有了全新的稱號「沉默術士」，他將踏入塵世，封印阻礙他的所有咒術。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_silencer_bio"	"Part of the seventh and final generation of a carefully designed pedigree, Nortrom was bred by the ancient order of the Aeol Drias to be the greatest magic user the world had ever seen. He was the prophesied one, the culmination of two-hundred years of careful pairings, a war-mage who would bring glory to the order, and destruction to their sworn enemies, The Knights of the Fold. 
Raised with other young mages in a hidden cantonment among the hills of the Hazhadal barrens, the order's preceptors waited for Nortrom's abilities to manifest. While the other students honed their talents with fire, or ice, or incantatory spells, Nortrom sat silent and talentless, unable to cast so much as a hex. As the day of final testing approached, he still hadn't found his magic. In disgust, the preceptors berated him, while the children laughed. \"You are no mage,\" the head of the order declared. Still, Nortrom did not slink away. He entered the day of testing and faced down the young mages who had mocked him. And then his preceptors learned a valuable lesson: a lack of magic can be the greatest magic of all. Nortrom silenced the young mages one by one and defeated them in single combat, until he alone stood as champion of the Aeol Drias, in fulfillment of the prophecy."
"npc_dota_hero_obsidian_destroyer_bio"	"一個高傲且蠻橫的種族的其中一員，先兆者徘徊於虛空的裂縫中，他是整個世界與歿境深淵之間唯一的守衛。在這充斥著星體殘片的歿境中，他凝視著天穹，機警地提防著繁星之外那無底深淵中的任何騷動。在他非凡的智慧中，深藏著對先兆的敏銳洞察力和強烈共鳴，他心中那曲黑暗的協奏曲暗示著：總有一天，在這深淵之中，在那造化之外，會有某種東西醒來，並且注意到我們的世界。由於太專注於監視星體，歿境毀滅者對太陽附近的事件並不關心。然而，隨著遺跡發出戰爭的召喚，隨著心中那潛在的危機感不斷擴大，歿境毀滅者展開雙翼，向著我們的世界飛來。在預言中，先兆者的地位不言而喻：他的出現即是災厄的徵兆。何況，他已然降臨。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_obsidian_destroyer_bio"	"One of a lordly and magisterial race, Harbinger prowls the edge of the Void, sole surviving sentry of an outpost on the world at the rim of the abyss. From this jagged crystalline Outworld, forever on guard, he has gazed for eternities into the heavens, alert for any stirring in the bottomless night beyond the stars. Imprinted deep in the shining lattices of his intellect lies a resonant pattern akin to prophecy, a dark music implying that eventually some evil will wake out there, beyond the edges of creation, and turn its attention to our world. With his whole being focused on his vigil, Outworld Devourer paid little attention to events closer in to the sun. But at last the clamor of the Ancients, and a sense of growing threat from within as well as without, sent him winging sunward to visit the plains of war. Harbinger's place in our own prophecies is unambiguous: he must be considered an omen of worse things to come. But his arrival in itself is bad enough. "
"npc_dota_hero_shadow_demon_bio"	"在那些能夠直接涉足現實世界的強大惡魔中，末日使者幾乎不會為那些低級幽靈的瑣事煩心，影魔穿行於此也只為了收集靈魂。暗影惡魔則一向對這個世界有著濃厚的興趣，他似乎覺察到掌握兩個世界之間的聯繫可能是統治整個現實世界的關鍵所在。一開始，暗影惡魔被一些初等巫師召喚出來，他滿足了他們所有的願望，展現出驚人的法力，直到一些頂級惡魔學家注意到他的存在，進而一些試圖透過巫術來維持統治的暴君、獨裁者也開始利用他的惡魔之力。暗影惡魔廳通於欺詐，那些召喚他的人都認為自己是主人，暗影惡魔只是他們的奴隸；而就在同時，暗影惡魔不停地吞噬著他們的意志，並為己所用。最終，那些召喚過他的人，都成了他邪惡意志的傀儡。暗影惡魔的手段難以捉摸，然而就在那時，影魔偶然間吞噬了一個骯髒的靈魂，發現裡面正是暗影惡魔的結晶。在意識到暗影惡魔即將對他們的統治造成威脅，依靠暗影契約維持的古老的平衡將被打破，末日使者和影魔立刻加入了瓦解暗影惡魔傀儡大軍的力量中。在他們那不可思議的力量面前，暗影惡魔的百年陰謀毀於一旦，他的傀儡大軍也已土崩瓦解——所有人都被殺死了。到最後，只有他自己的一點碎片殘留下來。然而即使是一點碎片，也足以讓他捲土重來。在接下來的幾百年裡，他開始緩慢的重新凝聚。他的碎片將觸碰到的一切事物感染，而這種感染則逐漸擴散。在一片混沌中，那些被感染的碎片重新結合，給予了暗影惡魔一個比以前更強大的形態。他幾乎已經凝聚完成，而他那永久統治世界的計畫也更加的周密。這個可怕的惡魔，時刻威脅著其他生物，雖然永遠不應存在於這個世界上...但是他永遠不缺他的追隨者。 "
"[english]npc_dota_hero_shadow_demon_bio"	"Among the sovereign Demons with explicit access to this world, Doom scarcely bothers with the affairs of Noninfernals and Lesser Spectral Consorts, while Shadow Fiend passes through almost exclusively on collecting expeditions. The Shadow Demon, however, has always taken a deep and abiding interest in the material plane, as if sensing that mastery of this gritty dimensional nexus might be the key to total domination of all realities. Summoned first by minor wizards, the Shadow Demon granted every wish and put on increasingly impressive displays of power until he had the full attention of the greatest demonologists, and through them the various lords, tyrants, autarchs and heirophants who depended on sorcery to buttress their mundane power. So great was his deception that all his summoners considered themselves the master and Shadow Demon the servant; meanwhile, he eroded their identities and made their minds his own. In the end, most members of the cult were hollow puppets, extensions of his evil will. What Shadow Demon's next step would have been remains open to speculation, for around this time, Nevermore the Shadow Fiend bit into a particularly nasty-tasting soul and discovered that it held nothing but a foul nougat of Shadow Demon's essence. Alerted that a coup was underway, and that the ancient equilibrium of the Umbral Pact was about to be destabilized, Doom and Shadow Fiend briefly joined forces to destroy the burgeoning cult. Combining spells of incredible force, they undid Shadow Demon's centuries of patient work, reducing his cult to smithereens--and all its members to a bloody splatter. Nothing remained except a tiny speck of demon shadow. Immortal and irreducible, this mote of evil was enough to seed the Shadow Demon's next scheme, and in fits and starts, over further centuries, he began to regroup. Whatever that speck of shadow touched, it tainted, and its influence gradually grew. A chaos of damaged parts pulled together, reknit, and combined to give Shadow Demon a form even stronger than his former. He is all but complete now, and his plan for infinite dominion lacks all of its former weaknesses. It would seem that such a being of pure malice and malevolence, a threat to all creation, would be forever out of place in our world...yet Shadow Demon does not lack for followers. "
"npc_dota_hero_chaos_knight_bio"	"身為一名經過上千個世界中無數戰鬥洗禮的老將，混沌騎士來自於一個遙遠的上層空間，而那裏的宇宙基礎法則都能以感知等方式來表達。在所有古老的基礎法則中，混沌最為年長，體力也最為充沛，永無止境地在尋找被稱之為「光明」的存在。很久以前，光明違背了初始契約且離開了起源之域。現在混沌騎士穿梭於各個空間，不懈地追捕光明並將其抹滅。他連續熄滅過光源千百次，也穿梭到另一個空間繼續展開搜捕千百次。他騎著他的鐵甲戰馬天劫，夾帶著瘋狂的暴怒衝進戰場，從宇宙的混亂中吸取力量。他就是混沌在物理空間的化身，並在有需要的時候他會召喚其他空間的自己，這群黑闇騎兵的突擊如同自然之力一般無法阻擋。只有當一個世界中所有存在的光芒都被徹底消滅，他的搜尋才會結束。混沌騎士的鐵蹄所到之處，死亡隨之同行。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_chaos_knight_bio"	"The veteran of countless battles on a thousand worlds, Chaos Knight hails from a far upstream plane where the fundamental laws of the universe have found sentient expression.  Of all the ancient Fundamentals, he is the oldest and most tireless, endlessly searching out a being he knows only as \"The Light.\"  Long ago the Light ventured out from the progenitor realm, in defiance of the first covenant.  Now Chaos Knight shifts from plane to plane, always on the hunt to extinguish the Light wherever he finds it.  A thousand times he has snuffed out the source, and always he slides into another plane to continue his search anew.  
Upon his steed Armageddon he rides, wading into battle with maniacal frenzy, drawing strength from the disorder of the universe.  A physical manifestation of chaos itself, in times of need he calls upon other versions of himself from other planes, and together these dark horsemen ride into battle, as unstoppable as any force of nature.  Only when the last Light of the world is scoured from existence will the search be ended.  Where rides the Chaos Knight, death soon follows."
"npc_dota_hero_ogre_magi_bio"	"普通食人魔正如俗諺所說的「蠢到像一袋石頭一樣」。在正常情況下，一位食人魔完全沒有能力來做任何事或下任何決定。他們邋遢至極，有時一位食人魔還會發現自己吃完一頭野獸後被困在它的皮囊裡。食人魔並非群居性的生物，經常有人發現他們與大塊岩石與樹樁親密地摟在一起，顯然是將這些東西錯看成他們的同類（這也許能說明食人魔的低繁殖率）。然而在每個世代的食人魔中，都會誕生出一位雙頭的食人魔法師。一出生便會授與傳統的名字：亞格隆·碎石者，這名字屬於他們種族歷史上第一位而且也許是每個世代中唯一具智慧的食人魔。有兩顆腦袋瓜的食人魔法師發現他可以辦到只有一顆腦袋瓜辦不到的事。儘管食人魔法師辯不贏任何人（即使和他自己），但他天生就是那種傻人有傻福的人，這命運中意外的安排讓這個無法自立維生的種族在敵人的威脅及惡劣的氣候下能繁榮起來。就像是幸運女神這別眷顧這群弱智的種族一樣，她賜予他們食人魔法師。她還能怎樣呢？真是群可憐的傢伙。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_ogre_magi_bio"	"The ordinary ogre is the creature for whom the phrase 'As dumb as a bag of rock hammers' was coined. In his natural state, an ogre is supremely incapable of doing or deciding anything. Clothed in dirt, he sometimes finds himself accidentally draped in animal skins after eating lanekill. Not an especially social creature, he is most often found affectionately consorting with the boulders or tree-stumps he has mistaken for kin (a factor that may explain the ogre's low rate of reproduction).  However, once every generation or so, the ogre race is blessed with the birth of a two-headed Ogre Magi, who is immediately given the traditional name of Aggron Stonebreak, the name of the first and perhaps only wise ogre in their line's history. With two heads, Ogre Magi finds it possible to function at a level most other creatures manage with one. And while the Ogre Magi will win no debates (even with itself), it is graced with a divine quality known as Dumb Luck--a propensity for serendipitous strokes of fortune which have allowed the ogre race to flourish in spite of enemies, harsh weather, and an inability to feed itself.  It's as if the Goddess of Luck, filled with pity for the sadly inept species, has taken Ogre Magi under her wing. And who could blame her? Poor things."
"npc_dota_hero_lycan_bio"	"貝恩霍勒出生在高貴的安布里家族，遠古的斯洛姆王國中最具影響力的貴族。在殞落之秋前，國王寵信的對象越來越奇怪，宮廷逐漸被法師和奸臣掌握，而安布里家族率先站出來反對王權泛濫。他們不再效忠也不再納貢，送給王城的不再是稅金而是六千把血劍，然而卻演變成「叛亂者屠殺」全被殲滅殆盡。之後便印證了古老的諺語：「射人先射馬，擒賊先擒王。」被叛變激怒的國王決定讓安布里家族的領主親眼目睹所有家族的親人血流成河。之後在皇家法院的審判中，國王還命令法師將領主的幼子貝恩霍勒詛咒成為狼人，在華麗的大理石地板上親口咬斷他父親的喉嚨。國王下令：「動手！讓他也嚐嚐被人背叛的滋味。」強大的法力附魔到貝恩霍勒身上，孩子頓時變形成狼人。然而國王沒料想到的是身體雖然改變了，但孩子的心靈卻沒被扭曲。貝恩霍勒轉而攻擊他父親旁邊的守衛，將他們撕裂成碎片。國王耗盡了一整打禁衛軍的性命才將狼人驅逐走。被枷鎖禁錮的安布里領主驕傲地笑著，即便國王拿劍刺穿他的身體仍狂笑不止。現在安布里家族唯一的子嗣，貝恩霍勒以半人半狼的狼人身分浪跡天涯，追尋著他所失去的公道和正義。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lycan_bio"	"Banehallow was noble-born to the house of Ambry, the greatest of the landed castes in the old kingdom of Slom. Before the Fall, as the King's wants grew strange, and his court grew crowded with sorcerers and charlatans, the house of Ambry was the first to rise against the avarice of the throne. No longer willing to pay homage and fealty, they instead sent six-thousand swords into the capital, where they were wiped out in the Massacre of the Apostates. And then came the teeth behind the old truth: When you strike a king's neck, you had better take his head. Enraged by the betrayal, the king exterminated the vast Ambry bloodline, sparing only the lord of the house and his youngest son, Banehallow. Before all the royal court, with the disgraced lord chained to the ornate marble floor, the King bade his magicians transform the boy into a wolf so that he might tear out his own father's throat. \"Do this,\" the king said, \"so that Lord Ambry will understand the bite of betrayal.\" Powerful magic was invoked, and the child was transformed. But though his body was changed, his spirit remained intact, and instead of biting the exposed neck of his father, he attacked his handlers, tearing them to pieces. A dozen of the King's knights perished under the wolf's teeth before they managed to drive it off into the night. Lord Ambry laughed from his chains even as the King ran him through with a sword. Now the heir to the lost house of Ambry, Banehallow wanders the trail as the Lycan, part warrior, part wolf, in search of justice for all that he lost."
"npc_dota_hero_lone_druid_bio"	"在歷史文獻記載之前，德魯伊巨熊部落便已存在了。他們十分聰明，專注於探索並理解大自然的秩序。自然之力看到了這一切，並找到了他們其中最睿智的一位。智者老悉拉是部落的仲裁者和先知。自然之力走到他面前，給了他生命之種並向他說：「當世界變得昏暗，當文明駛向墮落，當荒漠延伸到世界的盡頭並將一切毀於一旦，就種下這顆種子吧。」當悉拉領會了自然之力的信念後，他發現歲月的痕跡逐漸淡去，就像年輕時那般蓬勃生氣，他的智慧更加廣袤淵博。他發現他自己的意念轉化成真實，只要集中專注力便能夠改變自己的身體形態。然而生命之種的八卦窯延反而為巨熊部落帶來了災難。看著家園被摧毀，悉拉背負著自己的使命浪跡天涯。隨著時光流逝，巨熊部落的歷史興衰、悉拉與生命之種的傳說早已被人遺忘。幾千年來，悉拉默默地等待，等待他的宿命到來，等待戰爭結束後的和平，等待他實現神聖使命讓一位浪子能重返家鄉，並且隨時嚴陣以待那些膽敢阻撓他的敵人。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_lone_druid_bio"	"Long before the first words of the first histories there rose the druidic Bear Clan. Wise and just they were, and focused in their ways to seek an understanding of the natural order. The arch forces of nature saw this, and so sought the most learned among them. Wise old Sylla, clan justiciar and seer, stepped forward for his kin, and to him was given the Seed with these words: 'When all of the world has dimmed, when civilization has left these lands, when the world is slain and wracked by the endless deserts at the end of ages, plant the Seed.' As he grasped his trust, Sylla felt his years recede and his vitality returned. Vast knowledge burst into his mind. He found himself able to project his very will into reality and, with some concentration, alter his own physical form as well. Yet subtle whispers and cruel ears brought word of the Seed and its power to other peoples, and a terrible war crashed upon the Bear Clan. As his ancestral home burned, Sylla took his burden and fled to the wild places. Ages passed, and time and myth forgot the Bear Clan, forgot Sylla and the Seed, forgot wondrous civilizations that rose and fell in Bear Clan's wake. For millenia Sylla has waited, waited for word from his deities, waited for peace to come to the ever warring realms, waited in exile and in secret for the end of all things and for the conclusion of his sacred commitment, preparing himself always to face and destroy whatever would dare threaten his purpose."
"npc_dota_hero_brewmaster_bio"	"在悲慟山脈的深處，在廢棄之都底部的避世村莊裡，古老的奧尤社在這幾個世紀以來一直在進行他們神聖的冥想，透過在盛大的節慶時喝醉來達到靈魂之間的深度交流。曼吉克斯，半人半神的孩子，是村中第一個擁有神之天賦又具有凡人精氣的天縱才子。他從小就與社中最偉大的學者一同學習，並最終透過不停的努力獲得了挑戰酒仙——族群中最受尊敬的稱號——的權利。酒仙之戰必須連續九天同時進行飲酒和搏鬥，而曼吉克斯不停地豪飲並與上一任酒仙持續搏鬥。到了晚上他們則幾乎連站立都不穩，步履蹣跚地打鬥，直到上一任酒仙終於一醉不起，曼吉克斯成為了新的酒仙。如今，年輕的新任酒仙召喚奧尤社祖先的力量，使整個族群更加迅猛。當他使用魔法的時候，他能變身為祖先的模樣。正如之前的所有酒仙一樣，曼吉克斯也踏上了自己的征途，向著唯一的目標前進。他走遍大陸，以酒啟迪心智，找尋著遠古精神能夠分離的原因——同時尋找著能夠將精神和物質空間重新結合的方法。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_brewmaster_bio"	"Deep in the Wailing Mountains, in a valley beneath the Ruined City, the ancient Order of the Oyo has for centuries practiced its rites of holy reverie, communing with the spirit realm in grand festivals of drink.  Born to a mother's flesh by a Celestial father, the youth known as Mangix was the first to grow up with the talents of both lineages.  He trained with the greatest aesthetes of the Order, eventually earning, through diligent drunkenness, the right to challenge for the title of Brewmaster, that appellation most honored among the contemplative malt-brewing sect.   
As much drinking competition as mortal combat, Mangix for nine days drank and fought the elder master.  For nine nights they stumbled and whirled, chugged and struck, until at last the elder warrior collapsed into a drunken stupor, and a new Brewmaster was named.  Now the new, young Brewmaster calls upon the strength of his Oyo forebears to speed his staff.  When using magic, it is to his spirit ancestors that he turns.  Like all Brewmasters before him, he was sent out from his people with a single mission.  He wanders the land, striving toward enlightenment through drink, searching for the answer to the ancient spiritual schism.  Hoping to think the single thought that will unite the spirit and physical planes again."
"npc_dota_hero_nyx_assassin_bio"	"在秘湮學院的禁斷聖所中，在那些研究龍族遺傳學論文和艱澀隱晦的咒語書之間，藏有一本記錄著昆蟲奇聞的珍貴古籍。這本凝聚了諸多學者心血的書中描繪了一種具有心靈感應天賦的狂熱聖甲蟲，這種具有的社會性的奇特昆蟲在七個世界中都是獨一無二的。與他的族群中大多數的幼蟲不同的是，夜神刺客並非被那種單調思維的工蟲所挑選蛻變出的。他的轉化很特別，受到夜神妮克斯的恩賜引領。他是天選者，被女神從千萬位族人中選召，並賜予了女神的恩澤。並非所有族人都能在女神密室的黑暗祝福下存活，但他利用敏銳地讀心術、利刃般鋒利的爪子--如剃刀尖銳的下顎擾動著空氣，而他的思維直接投射到周圍人的腦海中。在所有狂熱聖甲蟲中，他獨自一人被授予最高的稱號。在妮克斯的恩賜下，他蛻變、重生、脫胎換骨，賦予了各項能力去完成唯一的使命：以女神之名暗殺。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_nyx_assassin_bio"	"Deep in the Archive of Ultimyr, shelved between scholarly treatises on dragon cladistics and books of untranslatable spells, there is an ancient tome of entomological curiosities.  Compiled by scholars, the book describes the telepathic talents of the zealot scarab, a strange species of social insect with abilities unique to all the seven planes.    
Unlike most grubs of his colony, Nyx Assassin did not arise from metamorphosis with the plodding thoughts and blunted appendages common to the worker caste of his kind. For his was a special transformation, guided by the grace of Nyx.  He was the chosen one, selected from the many and anointed with an extract of the queen goddess herself.  Not all survive the dark blessing of the queen's chamber, but he emerged with a penetrating mind, and dagger-like claws--his razor sharp mandibles raking the air while his thoughts projected directly into the minds of those around him.  Of all zealot scarabs, he alone was selected for the highest calling.  After his metamorphosis, he was reborn, by grace of Nyx, with abilities which shaped him for one thing and one thing only: to kill in the name of his goddess."
"npc_dota_hero_treant_bio"	"在遙遠的西方之外、預兆之谷遠方的群山中，蘊藏著一股強大的古老力量、一股隱藏在樹木中令人敬畏的力量之源。據說生長在這片區域的物種都很奇特。對於自然之力而言，這是一片不為世人所知的神聖土地。這片土地上有著各種致命的陷阱和危險——吞噬一切的雜草、各種繁盛的動物群以及充滿劇毒的花——不過這些都遠遠比不上強大的樹精衛士。這些長生不老、體型巨大的生物終其一生都在維護這片土地的安寧，確保沒人能夠侵犯這裡、沒人能夠知道他們的秘密。他們已經守護這片聖地長達千萬年，與外界秋毫無犯，對世界的變遷也不甚了解。然而不可避免的，外界逐漸的注意到了這片未開化的土地，隨著時間的推移，外面世界的入侵者也越來越大膽。他們很快就帶著工具來砍伐焚燒這片土地，而樹精衛士們則在思考，這些脆弱卻勤勞的生物到底是什麼？那原本綠色的原野現在變成了什麼樣？數萬年的疑問和懷疑通通浮現，從上古時期流傳下來的傳統開始被他們重新審視。同時，越來越多外面世界的人死在這片土地上，成為了花草的養分。當所有的生物都商議完畢以後，他們達成了共識，對外界的好奇終究戰勝了保守和審慎。他們決定：向外界派出一名樹精衛士，肩負著將外界情況傳達給他們的使命，觀察外面那個變化的世界以及其中的生命，最重要的是，監視那些有可能威脅到他們神聖領地的一切危險。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_treant_bio"	"Far to the west, in the mountains beyond the Vale of Augury, lie the remains of an ancient power, a fount of eldritch energy nestled deep in the high woods. It is said that the things that grow here, grow strangely. To the forces of nature this is a sacred place, made to stay hidden and unknown. Many are the traps and dangers of this land.  There are all-consuming grasses, crossbred fauna and poisonous flowers, but none are so fierce as the mighty Treant Protectors. These ageless, titanic beings, charged with keeping the peace in this dangerous land, ensure that none within encroach without reason, and none without poach their secrets. For time untold they tended to their holy ground, uninterrupted, only dimly aware of the changing world beyond. Yet inevitably the wider world grew aware of this untamed land, and with each passing winter the outsiders grew bolder. Soon they arrived with tools to cut and with flames to burn, and often the Treants would ponder: who are these fragile, industrious creatures? What now had become of the wild, green world? There came and went an age of questions and of doubts, a thousand summers of long traditions set to scrutiny, while more and more the outsiders died and fed their earth. When all that bloomed had finally finished their say, curiosity had overcome caution. It was decided: a lone Protector would be sent into the wider world, and instructed to wander until the glaciers arose once more, to observe the changing land and its creatures, and to discover what unknown dangers could threaten their sacred ground."
"npc_dota_hero_rubick_bio"	"任何一位法師多少會施放一些法術，而其中一部份的人研習夠久的話便能成為巫師，但只有最具天賦的才有資格成為魔導師。不過所有階級的法師都一樣，在互相較勁比試時均毫不尊重對方。在整個廣大的魔法世界，拉比克已經是著名的決鬥者及學識者，不過一直到他第十七次的暗殺行動之前，他從沒想過他能獲得魔導師的稱號。當他與往常一樣將失敗者從高台上丟下並且輪到第十二位時，他赫然察覺他的一生是如此地無趣。以前那些簡易的干擾法術或是徒手冒出火焰都能讓他雀躍不已，現在卻變成意料中的事。他渴望更激烈的競爭。所以他戴上戰鬥面具，挑戰一件每位巫師想要更上一層樓時都會做的事：他宣布他要擊殺一位魔導師。
拉比克很快就發現，向一位魔導師恐嚇等同於對所有魔導師宣戰，而他們果然團結起來對付他。每位魔導師都施放出銳不可擋的能量洪流，每次攻擊都是能夠一擊斃命的必殺技。但拉比克的敵人沒多久便發現一件出乎意料的事：他們好像都被自己的法術攻擊。在魔法漩渦中隱約傳出拉比克的竊笑聲，他敏銳地研讀並複製出魔導師的法術，然後再轉攻給其他敵人，在魔導師之間製造混亂。以為被背叛的憤怒開始在聯盟間滋生，接著魔導師開始互相殘殺，因為他們也無暇去釐清到底是否有人在搗鬼。最後戰鬥結束時，所有魔導師都被其他人的魔法燒成焦炭、冰封凍僵、甚至是碎成一片，許多魔導師都死在同盟的法術之下。拉比克站在一旁，雖然疲憊不堪卻異常欣喜。當他向隱修議會提出晉升的請求時，沒有任何人敢吭聲，議會中的幻寂 11 長者一致同意，授予他大魔導師的頭銜。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_rubick_bio"	"Any mage can cast a spell or two, and a few may even study long enough to become a wizard, but only the most talented are allowed to be recognized as a Magus. Yet as with any sorcerer's circle, a sense of community has never guaranteed competitive courtesy.
Already a renowned duelist and scholar of the grander world of sorcery, it had never occurred to Rubick that he might perhaps be Magus material until he was in the midst of his seventh assassination attempt. As he casually tossed the twelfth of a string of would-be killers from a high balcony, it dawned on him how utterly unimaginative the attempts on his life had become. Where once the interruption of a fingersnap or firehand might have put a cheerful spring in his step, it had all become so very predictable. He craved greater competition. Therefore, donning his combat mask, he did what any wizard seeking to ascend the ranks would do: he announced his intention to kill a Magus.
Rubick quickly discovered that to threaten one Magus is to threaten them all, and they fell upon him in force. Each antagonist's spell was an unstoppable torrent of energy, and every attack a calculated killing blow. But very soon something occurred that Rubick's foes found unexpected: their arts appeared to turn against them. Inside the magic maelstrom, Rubick chuckled, subtly reading and replicating the powers of one in order to cast it against another, sowing chaos among those who had allied against him. Accusations of betrayal began to fly, and soon the sorcerers turned one upon another without suspecting who was behind their undoing.
When the battle finally drew to a close, all were singed and frozen, soaked and cut and pierced. More than one lay dead by an ally's craft. Rubick stood apart, sore but delighted in the week's festivities. None had the strength to argue when he presented his petition of assumption to the Hidden Council, and the Insubstantial Eleven agreed as one to grant him the title of Grand Magus."
"npc_dota_hero_wisp_bio"	"精靈守衛無所不在、無處不存。敵人詆毀它為強大的破壞者，學者們則崇敬它為閃耀的神聖之眼。精靈守衛存在於所有空間與世界中，它可以任意將自己身軀中最小的一部份轉化為物理形態。如同偉大的雙子騎士「暗」與「光」一樣，精靈守衛艾歐也是一位遠古旅人，但它的來歷早已被時間洪流淹沒。精靈守衛是比時間還要古老的宇宙法則，來自遠超於凡人理解範圍內的領域。精靈守衛不僅僅是物質中吸引力與排斥力的結合，它是能夠將粒子連結在一起所呈現的意識體。只有將這些力量進行控制扭曲後，精靈守衛才能在物理空間被人察覺到。精靈守衛仁慈善意、樂意合作，它將自己的力量與他人連繫在一起，增強夥伴之間的力量。它的心思高深莫測、它的力量無以估量，精靈守衛在物理空間中穿梭，作為神秘宇宙的完美意識體。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_wisp_bio"	"Io is everywhere, and in all things.  Denounced by enemies as the great unmaker, worshiped by scholars as the twinkling of a divine eye, this strange Wisp of life-force occupies all planes at once, the merest fraction of its being crossing into physical existence at any one moment.  
Like the great twin riders Dark and Light, and yet another ancient traveler whose true history is lost to the ages, Io the Wisp is a Fundamental of the universe, a force older than time, a wanderer from realms far beyond mortal understanding. Io is nothing less than the sum of all attractive and repulsive forces within the material field, a sentient manifestation of the charge that bind existence together. It is only in the controlled warping of these electrical waylines that Io's presence can be experienced on the physical plane. A benevolent, cooperative force, Io bonds its strange magnetism to others so that the power of allies might be enhanced.  Its motives inscrutable, its strength unimaginable, Io moves through the physical plane, the perfect expression of the mysteries of the universe."
"npc_dota_hero_undying_bio"	"他失去自己的名字以來已經過多少時光？他那殘破不堪的記憶早已毫無印象。他還能依稀回憶起的只有盔甲、戰旗還有身邊冰冷死去的兄弟夥伴。他還記得那場戰役：一雙帶來痛楚與恐懼的蒼白雙手將他從馬鞍上扯下。他還記得自己與兄弟們一起被扔進死亡之神的漆黑深坑時的恐懼感，還記得自己被虛無吞噬時耳邊傳來的輓歌。在無盡的深淵中，他們被時間遺棄、被信念遺棄、被理智遺棄，但飢渴並沒有遺棄他們。他們用殘留的指甲和碎裂的牙齒互相保持神智清醒。接著輓歌傳來了：剛開始很遙遠，只有在感官最邊緣才能察覺的微弱歌聲，然後歌聲逐漸匯集，直至四面八方永無止境。最後歌聲形成一波音浪，將他腦海中的想法一掃而空。隨著他被輓歌吞噬，他向死亡之神張開雙臂，迎接自己的滅亡。但是毀滅並不是他被選召的原因，死亡之神需要戰爭。在一片慘然的虛無之中，他被賦予了新的使命：讓世間散佈輓歌，讓死者吞噬生靈。他成為不朽屍王，死亡之神的先鋒，在重生與死亡中輪迴，成為不死之軀。他將在永無止境的黃泉路上，伴奏著他永恆的輓歌。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_undying_bio"	"How long has it been since he lost his name? The torn ruin of his mind no longer knows.
Dimly he recalls armor and banners and grim-faced kin riding at his side. He remembers a battle: pain and fear as pale hands ripped him from his saddle. He remembers terror as they threw him into the yawning pit of the Dead God alongside his brothers, to hear the Dirge and be consumed into nothingness. In the darkness below, time left them. Thought left them. Sanity left them. Hunger, however, did not. They turned on each other with split fingernails and shattered teeth. Then it came: distant at first, a fragile note at the edge of perception, joined by another, then another, inescapable and unending. The chorus grew into a living wall of sound pulsing in his mind until no other thought survived. With the Dirge consuming him, he opened his arms to the Dead God and welcomed his obliteration. Yet destruction was not what he'd been chosen for. The Dead God demanded war. In the belly of the great nothing, he was granted a new purpose: to spread the Dirge across the land, to rally the sleepless dead against the living. He was to become the Undying, the herald of the Dead God, to rise and fall and rise again whenever his body failed him. To trudge on through death unending, that the Dirge might never end."
"npc_dota_hero_visage_bio"	"在狹隘迷宮的入口處隱約可見面目猙獰的石像鬼那龐大的身影蹲坐在上方，它們永恆地凝視著通向往生之境的黃泉路。無論是飛禽走獸，抑或是人類怪物，所有生物死亡靈魂出竅後終有一天會經過它們面前。對於離開肉體的靈魂而言，一旦決定穿過死亡幕幃就再也沒有回頭路可走。不過總會有些不安分的靈魂，憑藉著智慧或是投機取巧，趁著偶然的契機得以從天國或地獄中逃離。這時令人顫慄的石像鬼維薩吉，也就是死靈飛龍不朽靈魂的形體，便會派遣出去將他們帶回。維薩吉冷酷無情且雷厲風行，完全不受死亡及疲倦的阻礙。它永無止境地追尋獵物，毫不留情地摧毀所有逃逸亡魂的藏身之處。誰敢嘲弄冥界法則，誰就永無寧日。因為儘管亡者的確能死而復生，但他們遲早會被維薩吉找到，並遣送回他們該在的地方。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_visage_bio"	"Perched atop the entrance to the Narrow Maze sit the looming shapes of sneering gargoyles, the paths into the hereafter forever in their gaze.  Beasts and birds, men and monsters, all creatures that die and choose to travel beyond must someday pass beneath their sight.  For an untethered spirit, the decision to journey through the veil of death is irrevocable.  When chance comes, and by craft or cunning some restless soul escapes their hells and heavens, it is the dreaded gargoyle Visage, the bound form of the eternal spirit Necro'lic, who is dispatched to reclaim them.  Ruthless and efficient, unhindered by the principles of death and fatigue, Visage stalks its prey without mercy or end, willingly destroying all which may give shelter to the fugitive essence.  That which flaunts the laws of the afterlife may never rest, for while it is true that the dead may be revived, it is only a matter of time before Visage finds and returns them to their proper place."
"npc_dota_hero_keeper_of_the_light_bio"	"他騎著一匹白馬，他是無盡太陽閃耀的光芒，他就是光之守衛。伊札洛在很久以前逃離了宇宙基礎法則的空間，在浩浩初始諧律中與其他遠古力量分離。在宇宙起源之時他便萌生知覺，如今他高舉著聖輝光芒的輝光之杖，在所有空間中奔走，將不停追尋他的混沌拋在身後。他偉岸的本尊隱藏在一個似乎連馬鞍都坐不穩的衰老外表下。然而在面對渾沌的挑戰或是黑暗力量時，他才會將那初始之光透射釋出，再次化身為不可忽視的璀璨光芒。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_keeper_of_the_light_bio"	"Upon a pale horse he rides, this spark of endless suns, this Keeper of the Light.  Ezalor long ago escaped the Fundamental plane, separating from the other ancient forces to which he was bound within the great Primordial harmony.  He is a power grown sentient in the dawn of the universe, and now rides forth in all planes at once, one step ahead of pursuing chaos, bearing his gift with him at the end of a radiant staff.  His majestic truth lies hidden beneath the outward appearance of a slightly doddering old man who barely stays in the saddle.  However, when faced with the challenge of chaos, or the forces of darkness, his primordial light bursts forth, and his full power is revealed, transforming him once again into a force to be reckoned with."
"npc_dota_hero_meepo_bio"	"「如果您問我對生命的看法，我的回答就是您認識哪些人以及您可以找到甚麼。當您定居在像裂影遺跡這樣的地方，光是求個三餐溫飽都有難度。所以您必須一切從簡，臉皮要厚，並且知道您的長處在哪。這裡有些猛獸能夠輕易的殺死您，所以您必須要懂得避強擊弱的訣竅。往好處想，這遺跡有他的歷史在，而這些歷史可能對某些人來說相當值錢。這裡曾經有座宮殿，那些邪門的儀式都在他們在這裡舉行。當然不是甚麼好東西，如果您在儀式後存活了下來，他們會將一塊水晶砸個粉碎，而您的靈魂也會被撕裂成碎片。不過別看他們這樣，他們的藝術可是一流的！像是雕刻甚麼的。讓我告訴您：有些時候您會找到那些古老的雕刻物，帶回一堆到城鎮變賣來換取幾週的溫飽。但如果幸運與您同在，您可能會找到裂影水晶。拿去鑑定並且四處尋問看看，總有人知道有哪些瘋子在找這些玩意。 如果這些門路都碰壁的話，下次有魔導師來到鎮上，可以賣給他。他們愛死這些東西了。不過，不論您做甚麼，千萬要小心處理那些水晶，您不會希望任何一塊從你身上掉落，那真的很痛。」"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_meepo_bio"	"\"If you ask me, life is all about who you know and what you can find. When you live up in the Riftshadow Ruins, just finding food can be tough. So you need to cut corners, you need to scrounge, you need to know your strengths. Some of the beasts up there can kill you, so you need a way to trap the weak and duck the strong. On the upside, the ruins have history, and history is worth a lot to some people. There used to be a palace there, where they had all these dark rituals. Bad stuff. If you survived the ceremony, they would shatter a crystal and split your soul into pieces. They made great art though! Sculptures and such. Let me tell you: sometimes you stumble onto some of those old carvings. Take a pack full of those to town and sell them, then get yourself food for a few weeks. If luck is really on your side, you might find a Riftshadow crystal. Get it appraised and start asking around. Someone always knows some crazy fool looking for this kind of thing. If all else fails, sell it to a Magus the next time one's in town. They love that stuff. Still, whatever you do, be careful handling those crystals. You do not want one to go off on you. It really hurts.\""
"npc_dota_hero_magnataur_bio"	"傑爾拉克山的鑄造大師們只對一件事達成共識：半人犀牛的角比任何合金都要珍貴。而這些角中，形狀最大、最鋒利的非稱為馬格納斯莫屬。半個世代以來，馬格納斯最常做的就是用獸角衝撞那些前來獵取他同胞的獵人。每次他回到洞穴，蹄和角上全都血跡斑斑，直到族裡的女族長希望他和族人在山脈陰影之外的北邊尋找避難的居所。但馬格納斯嗤之以鼻，他從未在守衛族人時倒下。他認為半人犀牛將永遠留在這個地方，因為他們從不苟且偷生... 或是改變自己的立場。但是在傑爾拉克山毫無預兆地噴發時，他一半的族人都消失在烈火和煙塵中，馬格納斯終究還是改變了想法。倖存的族人開始向北邊遷移，結果遇到了由上百名裝備著鐵甲和弓箭的獵人組成的伏擊隊。馬格納斯不希望族人再有傷亡，他率領著最為勇猛的兄弟姐妹向敵人進擊。在戰鬥中唯有身後冒著熊熊烈焰得火山才能與馬格納斯的鬥志相提並論，但在此同時族裡的老弱婦孺也紛紛消失在戰場的沙塵中。對於之後發生的故事鑄造大師們眾說紛紜。有人說他統一了他的族人，而其他人則聲稱他受了致命傷，倒在女族長的身旁憾然離世。然而這些說法都仍存有疑點。他的確發誓要使族人重聚... 但是等找到使傑爾拉克山噴發的罪魁禍首，看著他們在他自己角上死去之後。因為半人犀牛從不苟且偷生或相信偶然僥倖。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_magnataur_bio"	"The master-smiths of Mt. Joerlak agree on only a single point: that the horn of a magnoceros is more precious than any alloy. And of all such horns, the largest and sharpest belongs to the beast they call Magnus. For half a generation, Magnus took easy sport goring hunters come to claim the treasures of his kin. Each time he would return to his cave with hooves and horns stained red, until his Matriarch urged him and all their kin to seek refuge to the north beyond the shadow of the mountain. But Magnus scoffed, having never failed to defend his people. The magnoceroi would stay, he decided, for a magnoceros does not believe in chance... nor does it ever change its mind. But when Mt. Joerlak erupted without warning, and half his kin perished in the fire and ash, Magnus changed his mind after all. The survivors pushed north, until they reached a blockade watched over by a hundred hunters armed with bow and steel. Magnus expected no less. He led his fiercest brothers and sisters in a charge against their enemies, and fought with a ferocity matched only by the fire-spewing mountain at his back. Meanwhile the magnoceros elders, mothers, and calves vanished into the drifts. The master-smiths are divided about what happened next. Some say Magnus reunited with his kin, while others claim he suffered mortal injuries and expired alongside the body of his Matriarch. Neither theory is correct. Magnus did vow to rejoin his kin...but only after seeking out those responsible for the eruption of Mt. Joerlak and watching them die upon his horn, for a magnoceros does not believe in chance."
"npc_dota_hero_centaur_bio"	"相傳半人馬所到之處必屍橫遍野。如果是名為戰行者的半人馬的話，這條血路會更為壯觀。對外界來說，這支在杜魯德草原棲息的四足部落裡頭都是頭腦簡單，性格殘暴的生物。他們的語言沒有文字形式，他們的文化沒有圖騰記錄、成型音樂或是正式宗教。半人馬認為戰鬥是最完美的闡釋思想方式，自身實力最極致的表達形式。如果殺戮是半人馬部落中的藝術，那麼戰行者布拉德威登就是其中最偉大的藝術家。他在古老的歐梅克斯競技場獲得主宰部落的地位，半人馬部族千年以來聚集於此，展現他們格鬥的權利。隨著他聲名遠播，不少觀眾都是千里迢迢前來目睹這名半人馬的雄偉英姿。他總是第一個踏入競技場，最後一個離開，在血肉橫飛、刀光劍影中譜寫著戰鬥巨著。這是鮮血與鋼鐵織就的詩篇，灰濛沙塵與兵器交錯的殺戮地帶。戰行者將挑戰者一個接一個地擊敗，直到競技場裡歡騰著他的名字，作為部族裡無懈可擊的冠軍，他感到異常孤獨。他被授予競技場的歐梅克斯腰帶，繫在他宏偉的身軀上。但是這死亡藝術家在他的勝利中只感到空虛，沒有挑戰的戰士還有什麼意義？強大的半人馬就這樣帶著全新的目標奔出了歐梅克斯競技場。在他的族人中，戰行者是踏入競技場中最為強大的戰士。現在他要證明，自己是有史以來最為強大的鬥士。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_centaur_bio"	"It's said that a centaur's road is paved with the corpses of the fallen.  For the one called Warrunner, it has been a long road indeed.  To outsiders, the four-legged clans of Druud are often mistaken for simple, brutish creatures.  Their language has no written form; their culture lacks pictographic traditions, structured music, formalized religion.  For centaurs, combat is the perfect articulation of thought, the highest expression of self.  If killing is an art among centaurs, then Bradwarden the Warrunner is their greatest artist.  He rose to dominance on the proving grounds of Omexe, an ancient arena where centaur clans have for millennia gathered to perform their gladiatorial rites.  As his fame spread, spectators came from far and wide to see the great centaur in action.  Always the first to step into the arena, and the last to leave, he composes a masterpiece in each guttering spray, each thrust of blood-slickened blade-length.  It is the poetry of blood on steel, flung in complex patterns across the pale sands of the killing floor.
Warrunner defeated warrior after warrior, until the arena boomed with the cheering of his name, and he found himself alone, the uncontested champion of his kind.  The great belt of Omexe was bestowed, wrapped around his broad torso, but in his victory, the death-artist found only emptiness.  For what is a warrior without a challenge?  The great centaur galloped out of Omexe that day with a new goal.  To his people, Warrunner is the greatest warrior to ever step into the arena.  Now he has set out to prove he is the greatest fighter who has ever lived."
"npc_dota_hero_slark_bio"	"除了水底的居民，很少人知道此處。暗黑之礁這是座沉沒的監牢，關押的都是犯下滔天罪行的海底生物。這座監牢外圍裝滿了倒鉤，裡面充斥著兇殘的魚人、奸詐的深海居民還有不合群的南海人。在這陰暗的迷宮中，鰻魚四處巡邏、巨大的海葵擔任著守衛的工作，在裡面想不死的話，就非得為惡。斯拉克被投入暗黑之礁的罪名已經不得​​而知，他在裡面待的半生泯滅了親情和良知，信任的只有自己，信奉的生存之道只有隱密的行動和冷酷的心腸，他的腦海中不斷醞釀自己的想法和計劃。當惡名昭彰的暗黑之礁十二惡棍密謀著越獄時，他們完美地將計劃保密，發現蛛絲馬跡的人都會被他們殺害。但是他們的陰謀還是被斯拉克發現了，他在這計劃中找到了自己的容身之地。越獄過程中十個惡棍遭到擊斃，剩下兩個被擒獲，押回了暗黑之礁並作為犯人們的消遣活動被處以極刑。但是斯拉克，無名的第十三名越獄犯，利用暴亂作掩護逃之夭夭、永獲自由。現在斯拉克成了暗黑之礁唯一成功越獄的逃犯，隱居在緊靠影承廢墟南部的食肉紅樹林灌叢中。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_slark_bio"	"Little known to the inhabitants of the dry world, Dark Reef is a sunken prison where the worst of the sea-bred are sent for crimes against their fellows. It is a razor barbed warren full of murderous slithereen, treacherous Deep Ones, sociopathic meranths. In this dim labyrinth, patrolled by eels and guarded by enormous anemones, only the vicious survive. Pitched into Dark Reef for crimes unknown, Slark spent half a lifetime without kin or kindness, trusting no one, surviving through a combination of stealth and ruthlessness, keeping his thoughts and his plans to himself. When the infamous Dark Reef Dozen plotted their ill-fated breakout, they kept their plans a perfect secret, murdering anyone who could have put the pieces together--but somehow Slark discovered their scheme and made a place for himself in it. Ten of the Dozen died in the escape attempt, and two were captured, hauled back to Dark Reef, then executed for the entertainment of their fellow inmates. But Slark, the unsung thirteenth, used the commotion as cover and slipped away, never to be caught. Now a furtive resident of the carnivorous mangrove scrub that grips the southern reach of Shadeshore, Slark remains the only successful escapee from Dark Reef."
"npc_dota_hero_shredder_bio"	"直到現在瑞茲拉克的腦海中仍然還縈繞著那尖叫聲。他原本只會工作，瘋狂地轉動扳手、栓緊螺絲、建造模型、切割模具，和鍛造機器。他夜以繼日都在製造機具的工作中度過，且睡眠也因此離他而去，不過他卻依然把自己關在他叔叔的工坊裡。在經歷了數個月後眼看他的工作即將完成，他站起來揉了揉背，睜開快垂下的的眼皮，看著窗外預兆灣那平靜的波浪，上方竟飄來了滿滿的花朵。接著花朵開始爆裂變成了花粉雲團令所有將花粉吸入肺部的人瞬間失聲窒息。瑞茲拉克的睡意隨即在被嗆到之後頓時一掃而空。而在之後幾個小時中從工坊裡傳來的盡是吵雜的磨刀聲，他將一套巨大的齒鋸磨得光亮。他的腦海裡滿是鄰居因窒息而死、青筋暴起的慘狀以及房屋遭花樹包圍的景象。就連預兆灣的自然洪潮都遠遠不及花樹樹根圍繞著城牆來得可怕嚇人。話說如此，在他眼裡的這套強大的鋸齒機甲賦予了他安全感，讓他懷抱著一絲希望，不讓他那逐漸模糊的意識被恐懼全部吞沒。

城市裡遍地可見花枝和鮮血。在城市毀滅之際，瑞茲拉克逃離了那些能夠行走戰鬥還會殺人的花樹。花樹毀壞了城門、湧入城市。預兆灣最後召集的守衛也被他們肆意碾壓踐踏，寥寥無幾的難民還被後面的花樹緊緊追趕著。雖然瑞茲拉克的神智當下仍是一片混亂，但是他還是靜悄悄地從機甲手臂裡拖出一根巨大的鏈條，先是用顫抖的雙手檢查了每個環節，最後用仍在發抖的手指順著鏈條將它所連結起來的鋼爪揣摩了一番。這套鋸齒機甲已經準備就緒。他顫抖地用雙手將這渾身帶著刀刃的機甲啟動。恐懼驅使著他，無論是那個縈繞已久的恐懼還是他接下來所要面對的恐懼，皆是可讓他懷有自己思緒得以清晰起來的希望。隨著機甲開始運轉而震動著，他瞭解到他終究得去面對這份恐懼，且他也知道他自己一點都不心甘情願。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_shredder_bio"	"Rizzrack could still hear the screams in his mind.  He worked, frantically turning wrenches, twisting screws, building and carving and forging.  Sleep eluded him; he only built.  Months had passed since he had shut himself in his uncle's workshop, and his deliverance was nearly complete.  He rubbed his back as his eyes drifted shut, and saw a blanket of flowers floating on the placid waves of Augury Bay before exploding into a cloud of pollen that silenced lives as it seized the lungs.  He woke with a choking start.  For hours the rhythmic sound of a whetstone filled the shop as he sharpened a set of massive blades, his mind filled with images of strangling vines garroting neighbors, enwrapping homes.  The flooding of Augury Bay had been nothing compared to the violent horrors the waters left to take root beyond the city walls.  But the saw-suit would make him strong and safe he thought, allowing himself this sliver of hope before the full might of his fear crashed into his fading mind.  Branches and bark and blood.  When the city fell, Rizzrack fled trees that walked, and fought, and killed.  Trees had shattered the gates and swarmed into the city.  Trees had crushed and thrashed and stomped the last that Augury Bay could muster in defense, and stalked the few fleeing refugees.  In addled silence Rizzrack unspooled the thick chain from the suit's arm, his hands quaking as he inspected each link and ran a trembling finger along the claw attached at its end.  The saw-suit was ready.
With his hand trembling he sparked the bladed machine to life.  Terror drove him, terror of what awaited him and of what he would have to face to have any hope of calming his mind.  As the saw-suit shuddered to life he knew he must face this fear, and he knew he wouldn't like it one bit."
"npc_dota_hero_medusa_bio"	"美貌即為力量。身為海洋女神的女兒，梅杜莎是蛇髮女妖三姊妹中最年輕且最貌美的一位。但她也是唯一身為凡人的，因此這股信念一直慰藉哲她。直到有天一群蒙面的襲擊者侵犯了蛇髮女妖的領地並劫走她兩位不朽的姐姐，完全不為她們的美貌和淚水所動。梅杜莎原本也難逃一劫，但是入侵者卻用鄙視的眼神將她推到一旁：「這女的散發著凡人的臭味，等她死了就一無事處了。」受盡屈辱的梅杜莎憤慨地逃到她母親的神殿，在女神面前哭訴自己的遭遇。「妳不願賜予我永恆的生命，因此我乞求妳賜予我力量！有了力量我就能拯救姐解並為不公復仇！」經過深思熟慮後，女神答應她女兒的請求，讓梅杜莎無與倫比的美貌變成了象徵著力量的可怕面孔。但梅杜莎沒有一刻後悔過她的抉擇。她瞭解到力量才是最值得擁有的美貌，能夠改變世界的力量。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_medusa_bio"	"Beauty is power. This thought comforted Medusa--the youngest and loveliest of three beautiful Gorgon sisters, born to a sea goddess--because she alone of the sisters was mortal. It comforted her, that is, until the day masked assailants invaded the Gorgon realm and tore the two immortal sisters from their home, unmoved by their beauty or by their tears. One of the invaders seized Medusa as well, but then cast her aside with a disgusted look: 'This one has the mortal stink upon her. We have no use for that which dies.' Humiliated, enraged, Medusa fled to the temple of her mother and cast herself before the goddess, crying, 'You denied me eternal life--therefore I beg you, give me power! Power, so I can dedicate what life I have to rescuing my sisters and avenging this injustice!' After long thought, the goddess granted her daughter's request, allowing Medusa to trade her legendary beauty for a face and form of terrifying strength. Never for a moment has Medusa regretted her choice. She understands that power is the only beauty worth possessing--for only power can change the world."
"npc_dota_hero_troll_warlord_bio"	"要惹惱巨魔的話非常簡單。巨魔是一個十分容易動怒、喜愛鬥爭的種族，以爭吵和打架度日，不會錯過任何拉高嗓門與人爭辯的機會。男性巨魔在女族長的照顧下在地下洞穴成長成年，終日飯來張口、遊手好閒。通常在成年後他們還會待上數年，因為女族長會繼續負責他們的吃喝拉撒。當年輕的巨魔最終離開地下的洞穴時，他們會找到同類三兩成群，組成同夥四處遊蕩，高聲抱怨各種瑣事。既然巨魔這麼喜愛群聚起來爭辯，可以想像一位巨魔因為太難相處而被族人趕走是件多麼稀奇的事。比如賈拉克的經歷，來自霍文林地深處的巨魔商人。他十分容易受騙，而言語卻十分刻薄粗暴，所以即便是其他巨魔也難以與他相處。特別是有一次他以刻薄的語氣聲稱不久之前突襲抓住的獅子他也該分到一份時，他的同伴們便再也受不了了。他們把矛頭都指向他，用棍棒痛扁了一頓，還把他趕出了營地。他因為這次驅逐暴跳如雷，第二天回去的時候已經全副武裝，一個接一個地把同伴殺光。接著他立下血誓：他將為自己戰鬥、為自己賣命。現在言語刻薄而動作兇猛的他以巨魔戰將的稱號在世界上游盪，一支單兵軍隊高高在上的指揮戰將。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_troll_warlord_bio"	"It's an easy thing to offend a troll. A prickly and contentious race, trolls thrive on argument and strife, missing no excuse to raise their voices in dispute. Males grow to maturity in subterranean chambers beneath their matriarch's domicile, feeding and amusing themselves while contributing nothing. Often they stay for years beyond the age of maturity, while the matriarch provides them with sustenance. When young trolls are finally pushed from their sub-chamber, they gather with others of their kind, forming roving gangs of malcontents who complain loudly about all manner of vexation.     
As much as trolls love to argue, imagine how rare it is for a troll to be driven from his own kind for being too difficult to get along with. Such was Jah'rakal's fate, a monger troll from deep in the Hoven. So deluded was he, so bitter and abrasive, that even other trolls found his company intolerable. After one particularly vitriolic outburst in which he claimed the lion's share of loot from their latest raid, his cohorts finally snapped. They turned on him, beat him with clubs, and drove him from the encampment. Enraged at his banishment, he returned the next day, armed with steel, and slew them all, one by one. He then swore a blood oath: he would ever after be a fighting force unto himself. Now he roams the world as the Troll Warlord, bitter and angry, the Imperial high commander of an army of one."
"npc_dota_hero_tusk_bio"	"那是場值得銘記的鬥毆。當時號稱「冰盾之懼」的圖斯克尤米爾，也有人叫他鈷藍冰原的雪球大漢。他是唯一光明正大地打敗鋼背鬥士，現在狼穴酒館裡只有他屹立不搖。在一場原本只是比力氣的酒吧小賭中，那四名修士、一名鐵匠還有六名來自霜寒軍旅的一流士兵被圖斯克打得落花流水，而酒館裡的桌椅瓶罐幾乎都遭了秧。而他得意地端起酒杯一飲而盡。之後倒地的輸家們才剛頭腦清醒一些又開始叫囂著再賭一把。雖然圖斯克心想著何樂而不為，但是其他人回想剛才他贏的那場，實在想不出還能打什麼賭。而酒館老闆已經被店裡毀壞的物品嚇得面無人色，極力想避免讓他們再打一架，他有了個主意。尤米爾盡管身懷絕技，但是他從未在真正的戰鬥中大顯身手，沒有在你死我活的混亂沙場中證明自己。老闆跟戰士打了個賭：找到一場規模最龐大的戰鬥，不論所在陣營，凱旋歸來。賭注是？下一輪的酒錢。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_tusk_bio"	"It had been a brawl to remember. There stood Ymir, the Tusk, the Terror from the Barrier, the Snowball from Cobalt, the only fighter to have bested the Bristled Bruiser in a fair fight, and now the last man standing in Wolfsden Tavern. What started as a simple bar bet of supremacy ended with four regulars, a blacksmith, and six of the Frost Brigade's best soldiers writhing against the shards and splinters of almost every bottle, mug, and chair in the building. The Tusk boasted and toasted his victory as he emptied his brew.
No sooner had the defeated regained consciousness than the cries for double-or-nothing rang out. The Tusk was pleased at the prospect, but none could think of a bet bigger than the one he just conquered. Horrified at the damage to his tavern and desperate to avoid another brawl, the barkeep had an idea. As skilled as he was, Ymir had never taken part in a real battle, never tested himself against the indiscriminate death and chaos of war. He proposed a wager to the fighter: seek out the biggest battle he could find, survive, and win it for whichever side he chose. The stakes? The next round of drinks."
"npc_dota_hero_bristleback_bio"	"瑞格沃在戰鬥中從不袖手旁觀，他與眾多強大的好戰分子都有過激烈的交手。他曾被醉鬼們冠以『鋼背』之名，曾跋山涉水從史羅姆走到艾爾澤，曾在沿途的每個酒館路見不平拔刀相助，他的英名傳到一個需要保護的酒吧老闆的耳中。老闆僱傭他收集帳單，維護秩序，以求換一點啤酒，有時候還能敲斷一兩條腿（碰到會織網的倒楣鬼可能是五條）。一天夜裡，酒館里的痞子們和老闆都身負重傷，鋼背也終於發現了自己的對手。『哥們兒，你的長牙讓我不爽！』他醉醺醺地對著一個來自北方荒原的彪形大漢喝道。這個傢伙賒的帳單至今未還。接著就是一場世紀大戰了。一群戰士一擁而上，板凳都被砸得稀爛，最終更不可思議的是：帳單還是沒有付清。數週過後，鋼背傷癒，針刺也重新漲回來。但受損的名譽如何彌補？他用自己的錢付清了帳單，發誓要尋找這個北方人，讓他加倍償還。他還嘗試了以前沒有做的事：他在訓練中對自己有了全新的認識。他擺弄著背上的針刺，微微一笑，或許在戰鬥中背對敵人才是明智之舉。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_bristleback_bio"	"Never one to turn his back on a fight, Rigwarl was known for battling the biggest, meanest scrappers he could get his hands on. Christened Bristleback by the drunken crowds, he waded into backroom brawls in every road tavern between Slom and Elze, until his exploits finally caught the eye of a barkeep in need of an enforcer. For a bit of brew, Bristleback was hired to collect tabs, keep the peace, and break the occasional leg or two (or five, in the case of one unfortunate web-hund).
After indulging in a night of merriment during which bodily harm was meted out in equal parts upon both delinquent patrons and his own liver, Bristleback finally met his match. \"Your tusks offend me, sir,\" he was heard to drunkenly slur to one particularly large fellow from the northern wastes whose bill had come due. What followed was a fight for the ages. A dozen fighters jumped in. No stool was left unbroken, and in the end, the impossible happened: the tab went unpaid. Over the weeks that followed, Bristleback's wounds healed, and his quills grew back; but an enforcer's honor can be a prickly thing. He paid the tab from his own coin, vowing to track down this northerner and extract redemption. And then he did something he'd never done before: he actually trained, and in so doing made a startling discovery about himself. A smile peeled back from his teeth as he flexed his quills. Turning his back to a fight might be just the thing."
"npc_dota_hero_skywrath_mage_bio"	"作為蒼白之巢的高級法師，扎貢納斯在困苦中掙扎著。他生而誓死保衛王座，但對現在的天怒女皇憎恨不已。這個出身高貴的年輕人，與天怒一族的繼承人公主仙德爾莎曾是親密無間的夥伴。他對她的愛情海枯石爛，不過他還是恪守職位全身心投入天怒一族法術和奧術的研習之中。由於癡迷奧術，他並沒有發現王室中有人密謀背叛仙德爾莎，最終錯失化險為夷的良機。王室政變瞬息而過，等他結束了研習，發現摯愛的好友已經無處尋覓。王座現在由仙德爾莎的妹妹霸佔，而扎貢納斯對此無能為力。天怒法師所擁有的魔力只能用於保護皇室，因此反抗王室時一無是處。他只能堅守崗位，期望有一天他的摯愛能夠迴歸王座。女神斯奎奧克知道他內心的秘密，幫助仙德爾莎將殘損的軀體化身成為復仇能量。比起讓摯愛的女皇重登王位，他更希望仙德爾莎恢復健全的肉體。品行正直的他對於自己為現在的王室效力懊悔不已，而最令他心痛的是想像著復仇之魂的心中一定痛恨著他。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_skywrath_mage_bio"	"A highly placed mage in the court of the Ghastly Eyrie, Dragonus lives a troubled existence. Sworn by birth to protect whoever sits within the Nest of Thorns, he hates the current Skywrath queen with all his soul. As a youth, high-born, he was a friend and companion to the eldest Skywrath princess, Shendelzare, first in line for the Nest. He had loved her warmly and unshakably, but as his studies took hold, his mind turned to arcane learning and the mastery of Skywrath sorcery.
		Obsessed with matters aetherial, he missed the mundane signs of courtly treachery that hinted at a plot against Shendelzare, and lost his chance to foil it. When the court was shaken by a swift and violent coup, he emerged from his studies to discover his oldest and dearest friend had been lost to him. The Nest of Thorns now belonged to Shendelzare's ruthless younger sister, and Dragonus could do nothing. The magic of the Skywrath Mage serves only the sworn protector of the Skywrath scion, so to act against the Nest would render him helpless. He clings to his post, believing it to be the best hope of one day restoring his true love to her rightful place. Meanwhile, his secret is known only to the goddess Scree'auk, whose magic it was transformed Shendelzare from a crippled physical creature into an embodiment of pure vengeful energy.
		While he dreams of restoring his beloved queen to the Ghastly Eyrie, he dreams even more desperately of restoring Shendelzare herself to a fully healed physical form. The duplicity of his role at court tortures him, for he is a noble and good-hearted creature; but the worst torture of all is imagining the hatred that Vengeful Spirit must hold in her heart for him."
"npc_dota_hero_elder_titan_bio"	"也許你會問：「這世界是如何成形的呢？」為何在所有創造出來的世界中，就屬這個世界特別奇妙，如此地獨一無二、變化多段，其中的生物、文化和傳說更是不勝枚舉呢？有人低語道出：「答案就在於泰坦們。」
即使他們並非創世的見證者，這些初始的先祖在一開始便已存在，他們降世時耳中仍迴盪著創世的巨響。擁有宇宙初始能量的他們，最大的願望無非是創造者的生涯能得以延續。所以他們轉而擔任塑造物質的任務：捶打、鼓風、加熱、塑形。而如果物質本身遠不及他們的期望時，他們會將責任歸咎於自己，修養自己的身心、鍛鍊自己的心靈直到他們提升到另一個忍耐層次。現實空間本身成為他們鍛造的終極目標。但是在這樣的過程中，他們有時也會犯錯。在施展雄圖大誌時，錯誤總是不可避免。
我們所知的上古泰坦是個曾在創世熔爐修練過的偉大創造者。在砥礪技術時，他打碎了某樣無法修復只能放棄的東西。他陷入了自己破碎的世界，也正是他自己破碎的心靈。他滯留的空間中全是支離繁碎的破片與漫山遍野的裂縫，還有其他從初生宇宙裂縫中散落的失落殘片。這就解釋了為什麼我們熟知的世界酷似一座漂流者的小島，島上盡是失事船隻上的倖存者，現在這些落難之人早已在歷史長河中被遺忘。世人雖已無印象，但認為是始作俑者的人卻仍記憶猶新。他將永遠尋找完成修復的方法，尋找再次與他殘破的靈魂結合的方法，尋找修復世人和世界的方法，這就是我們所知的上古泰坦。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_elder_titan_bio"	"Well may you ask, \"How did this world take its form?\" Why of all the worlds in creation, has this one its strange properties, its diverse and motley collection of creatures, cultures and lore? \"The answer,\" One whispers, \"lies with the Titans.\"
		These original progenitors were there near the Beginning--if not actual witnesses to the creation, then born with it still echoing in their ears. Stamped with the earliest energies of the universe, they wished nothing more than to continue as creators themselves. Thus they bent to the task of shaping matter to their will: hammering and heating, bending and blasting. And when matter proved less challenging than they liked, they turned their tools upon themselves, reshaping their minds and reforging their spirits until they had become beings of great endurance. Reality itself became the ultimate object of their smithing. Yet, along the way, they sometimes erred. In cases of great ambition, mistakes are unavoidable.
		The one we know as the Elder Titan was a great innovator, one who studied at the forge of creation. In honing his skills, he shattered something that could never be repaired, only thrown aside. He fell into his own broken world, a shattered soul himself. There he dwelt among the jagged shards and fissured planes, along with other lost fragments that had sifted down through the cracks in the early universe. And this is why the world we know resembles an isle of castaways, survivors of a wreck now long forgotten. Forgotten, that is, by all but the One who blames himself. He spends his time forever seeking a way to accomplish the repairs, that he might rejoin the parts of his broken soul, that we and the world alike might all be mended. This is the One we know as Elder Titan."
"npc_dota_hero_abaddon_bio"	"地獄聖泉作為一個家族的力量之源，實為原始之石的縫隙之中幾代歲月不斷湧出的擁有先兆力量的蒸汽。每個地獄聖殿的新生兒都將在黑暗迷霧中接受洗禮，這樣他們的內心將與這片大陸的神秘力量獲得聯繫。隨著成長他們愈發堅信自己將是這世襲傳統及王國風俗的堅實守護者——事實上他們只是在守護這眼聖泉。而且這迷霧造訪的動機尚不清楚。當初生的亞巴頓在聖泉中接受洗禮時，大家似乎覺得有些異常。孩子眼中閃爍著的領悟的光芒，震驚了在場的所有人，神父們也不禁竊竊私語。他與其他地獄後裔的成長別無兩樣——在戰爭中試煉，以期在關鍵時刻帶領族人的軍隊守衛先祖的領地。但是亞巴頓總是特立獨行。當其他人受訓使用武器時，他卻潛心在迷霧中沉思。他瘋狂吸取聖泉中湧出的蒸汽，學習將自己的靈魂與聖殿之下湧動的潛能融合起來。他成為了黑暗迷霧的生物。地獄聖殿對他有所抱怨——年長及年幼的族人都在埋怨他對自己的責任視而不見。但是當亞巴頓馳騁戰場時一切不滿都停了下來，他們見識了這迷霧的力量賦予他操縱生死的能力，這是其他聖殿領主無法企及的。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_abaddon_bio"	"The Font of Avernus is the source of a family's strength, a crack in primal stones from which vapors of prophetic power have issued for generations. Each newborn of the cavernous House Avernus is bathed in the black mist, and by this baptism they are given an innate connection to the mystic energies of the land. They grow up believing themselves fierce protectors of their lineal traditions, the customs of the realm--but what they really are protecting is the Font itself. And the motives of the mist are unclear.
		When the infant Abaddon was bathed in the Font, they say something went awry. In the child's eyes there flared a light of comprehension that startled all present and set the sacerdotes to whispering. He was raised with every expectation of following the path all scions of Avernus took--to train in war, that in times of need he might lead the family's army in defense of the ancestral lands. But Abaddon was always one apart. Where others trained with weapons, he bent himself to meditation in the presence of the mist. He drank deep from the vapors that welled from the Font, learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the House; he became a creature of the black mist.
		There was bitterness within the House Avernus--elders and young alike accusing him of neglecting his responsibilities. But all such accusations stopped when Abaddon rode into battle, and they saw how the powers of the mist had given him mastery over life and death beyond those of any lord the House had ever known."
"npc_dota_hero_ember_spirit_bio"	"在悲慟山脈的失落之地裡，有一座荒廢已久的火光堡壘，堡壘內的修練聽已經空無一人，庭園裡滿是落葉和灰塵。被封閉的火光寺裡放著一口滿載著遠古灰燼的玉釜，這是當年戰地詩人——炘的火葬之地。炘培養了整整三代衛火盟的弟子，從修身養性的真經到強身健體的武藝，炘悉心教導在江湖闖蕩所需的一切本領。然而傳授習武之道時也不得不面臨弟子在外惹來的對手。在炘的暮年，他不敵對手而慘遭誅僇，旗下的的弟子在此後也分崩離析。轉眼之間就過了數十年甚至數個世紀，他的傳人成了亡途後裔，而他的教義最終也消逝無蹤。後來有孜孜不倦的燃燒天神因他所傳承的師德打動，慕名下凡來到火光堡壘，重新點燃了灰燼。閃耀的餘燼之中浮現出炘的面容。在火焰環繞之下他已準備好繼續傳授教義，讓知識的薪火得以相傳。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_ember_spirit_bio"	"Lost within the Wailing Mountains, the Fortress of Flares lay abandoned, its training halls empty, its courtyard covered in leaves and dust. Upon a dais in its sealed temple rests a topaz cauldron filled with ancient ash, remnants of a pyre for the warrior-poet Xin. For three generations, Xin taught his acolytes the Bonds of the Guardian Flame, a series of mantras to train the mind and body for the harsh realities beyond the fortress walls. However, in teaching a warrior's way he earned a warrior's rivals, and in his autumn Xin was bested and slain. His followers spread to the wind. Yet as years turned to centuries and followers to descendants, his teachings endured by subtle whisper and deed. Touched by the teacher's lasting legacy, the Burning Celestial, inquisitive aspect of fire, cast himself to the Fortress of Flares and reignited the pyre ash. From these glowing embers emerged an image of Xin, wreathed in flame, his thoughtful countenance prepared to train and to teach, and to spread the fires of knowledge to all who seek guidance."
"npc_dota_hero_earth_spirit_bio"	"在斷垣殘壁的深處閃爍著一絲光芒，這是被高地礦工所遺棄的神聖玉石所散發出的，而這稀有的材質被雕塑成高嶺將軍的樣貌。在其身後還綿延著十萬兵馬俑大軍，一支埋葬在地底深處數千年的精銳軍隊。但雕塑者所不知道的是在這神聖玉石散發出的神秘光芒中還蘊含著大地之靈本身，一股原先潛伏在這星球之中的元素之力。當玉石雕像感知到自己受到世界萬物鮮血的雕塑時，千年來便從不止息地吸收這股能量不換匯聚，最終衝破地底重見光明。現在偉大的大地之靈高嶺漫步在地面上，並隨時準備再次召喚那些仍然被土讓擁抱在懷裡的千軍萬馬。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_earth_spirit_bio"	"Deep amid the Upland crags and cliffs there runs a seam of sacred jade long foresworn by highland miners. From this rare material, the likeness of the great general Kaolin was carved and buried at the head of a stone funerary army ten thousand strong--a force of soldiers and holy men, jesters and acrobats, carved by crafstmen and entombed for millennia in the dark embrace of the Earth.
What the craftsmen had not known was that within the strange seam of jade flowed the spirit of the Earth itself--an elemental force at one with the planet. When the force within the carved jade found itself cut off from the life's blood of the world, it gathered its strength over the course of a thousand years and dug itself free and into the light. Now the great Kaolin Earth Spirit strides the Upland roads, fighting for the spirit of the Earth; and in times of need calls forth remnants of his buried army still locked in the loving embrace of the soil."
"npc_dota_hero_legion_commander_bio"	"在毫無徵兆的情況下，石堂城的城牆裡突然傳來一陣轟隆隆的聲響，數不盡的魔獸大軍從未知的黑色迷霧奔湧而出，他們的挾帶的惡火和邪術讓所有人措手不及。城內的老弱婦孺紛紛慘遭毒手。曾經所向披靡的石堂城軍隊，古銅軍團聞訊火速趕來救援。他們由未嚐一敗的指揮官特蕾絲汀帶領軍團開進城內，只見沿途的巷道已血染成和，市集燃起熊熊大火。士兵們從敵人中殺出一條血路直達入侵的源頭，石堂城的城市廣場中開出一道虛無裂隙，在旁的則是他們的魔軍首領。
首領渾身籠罩著毀滅性的光芒，他二話不說揮舞著大刀將一名士兵劈成了兩半，只見屍首即刻開始腐爛。特蕾絲汀舉起濺滿鮮血的大刀，視線鎖定在這怪物身上。他轉過身來，對著她咧開嘴開始笑，牙齒裂的跟迷宮一般。他們全然不顧周遭的激烈戰鬥向對方衝去。
兩人迅速地纏鬥在一起。每個招數​​都被對方擋下，兩人的拼死決鬥就如舞蹈一般行雲流水，古銅軍團的士兵則在他們周圍一一倒下。特蕾絲汀見對手一刀向她劈來，她縱身一躍，跳到了敵人的身後。局勢頓時出現逆轉，敵人見狀不妙馬上變招，劈砍變成橫切從側面向她切去，剛站穩的她馬上為之一振見招拆招。兩刀相碰，特蕾絲汀順勢使勁，將刀柄下滿是節瘤的敵爪斬下，場上頓時血光一片。其他魔獸見到如此場面早已驚呆，特蕾絲汀趁機發動強攻，將她的長刀刺進敵人的心臟。魔物一聲仰天哀嚎，震散了天上的烏雲，他在痛苦的扭曲中化成了滾滾淤血。深淵的門戶開始顫慄，維繫裂隙的力量就如突現一樣消失的無影無踪。剩下的入侵者也很快倒在​​了石堂城的鐵騎之下。
儘管贏得了勝利，誰也沒有心情慶祝：石堂城滿目瘡痍，傷亡無數。特蕾絲汀重新揚起戰旗，召集了一群友軍。她的憤怒宛如隨時都會爆發一般，誓言要將深淵的魔物大軍趕盡殺絕。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_legion_commander_bio"	"They came without warning. Within the city walls of Stonehall there came a rumble and a terrible sound, and from blackness unknown came a force of beasts numbering beyond count, wielding flame and foul sorcery, slaying and snatching mothers and sons to dark purpose. Of once-mighty Stonehall's military strength only the Bronze Legion, led by the indomitable Commander Tresdin, was near enough to answer the call of battle. They rode into their city, fighting through bloodstained alleyways and burning markets, cutting their way through the monstrous throng to the source of the sudden invasion: an ethereal rift within the city square, and at its precipice thundered their dreaded champion.
Enwrapped in a corrosive shimmer, the leader of the abyssal horde swung its massive blade, cleaving a legionnaire in two as his flesh began to spoil. Tresdin lifted her blood-stained sword and settled her sights on the beast. It turned, smiling at her through a maze of teeth. Heedless of the battle raging around them, they charged one another.
Deflecting blow after blow, the pair danced their deadly duel as the Bronze Legion met its end around them. Tresdin leapt forward as her foe swung its sword to meet her. The odds turned. The attack smashed into Tresdin suddenly, a brutal thrust from the side, but even as her balance slipped she rallied her strength for another stroke. Blade scraped on blade, beyond the hilt to the gnarled paw below, carving it in two in a fearsome spray of sparks and blood. The vile audience looked on in astonishment as she pressed the attack, driving her blade through her foe's flesh into the stampeding heart within. With a scream that split the clouds above, the beast erupted in a torrent of gore and anguish. The stygian portal wavered, the power sustaining the chasm beyond vanishing as suddenly as it had appeared. The remaining invaders fell quickly to Stonehall steel.
Though victorious, the survivors saw little to celebrate: the city lay in ruins, and survivors were few. Fires continued to spread. Unfurling her banners of war, Tresdin gathered what allies she could. Her anger smoldered as she pledged brutal vengeance upon the forces of the abyss, and damned be any who would dare stand in her way."
"npc_dota_hero_phoenix_bio"	"在永世的黑暗中光之守護者的第一顆太陽就此輕微掠過，這一束擁有自我意識的光芒要在虛空裡發光發熱。億萬年裡，這束耀眼的光芒逐漸聚集了無窮的能量，爆發成了一顆超新星。在這烈火之中，如同其起源一樣的光線向四面八方散射，穿透黑暗的汪洋底達各個星座。不久的將來，這些光芒也將成為超新星，以同樣的形式向外傳遞著光和熱。這種奇蹟一般的生命與重生將一直持續到泰坦鬼斧神工的蒼穹被完全點亮為止。在這無盡的輪迴中，被凡人們稱作鳳凰的星星墜落成型，和其先前的光芒一樣，鳳凰也一頭栽入無盡宇宙，在其鄰近的星系中散佈光能。經過長久的輪迴中，他逐漸有了意識並開始了解萬物，在機緣巧合下聽聞有一處地方，由於宇宙的橫生變故進行著經年累月的戰鬥。因此眾星的新生兒化成了生物形態，渴望在最黑暗的地方閃耀他的光和熱。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_phoenix_bio"	"Alone across an untouched darkness gleamed the Keeper's first sun, a singular point of conscious light fated to spread warmth into the empty void. Through aeons beyond count, this blinding beacon set to coalescing its incalculable energy before bursting forth the cataclysmic flare of supernova. From this inferno raced new beacons, star progeny identical to its parent, who journeyed an unlit ocean and settled in constellatory array. In time, they too would be made to propagate through supernova flame. So would this dazzling cycle of birth and rebirth repeat until all skies hewn of Titan toil deigned to twinkle and shine.
By this ageless crucible the star that mortals would come to call Phoenix collapsed into being, and like its ancestors was thrust into an endless cosmos to find a place among its stellar brethren. Yet curiosity toward that which the dimming elders comfort in the darkness consumed the fledgling, and so over long cycles it inquired and studied. It learned that among worlds both whole and broken would soon stir a nexus of remarkable variety locked in an enduring conflict of cosmic consequence, a plane which would find itself in need of more influence than a dying sun's distant rays could provide. Thus this infant son of suns took terrestrial form, eagerly travelling to shine its warmth upon those who may need it most, and perhaps seize upon its solar destiny."
"npc_dota_hero_terrorblade_bio"	"恐怖利刃是惡魔中的掠奪者 - 他是個連其他惡魔都畏懼的魔頭，更是一位無法無天的叛逆惡魔。他無視了惡魔們都須宣誓效忠並讓其約束自己言行舉止的惡魔法典，打破了七度地獄的法規。對此他被好好教訓過：就連地獄內都仍有著更令人生不如死的地方。經過一場潦草的殘酷審訊之後恐怖利刃最終定讞要被打入邪穢之淵，那是一處用來禁錮惡魔的監獄，一個現實世界的暗黑倒影；受刑的惡魔必須在這直視自己靈魂倒影中的扭曲深處直到永遠。然而恐怖利刃不但沒有受苦，反而還將自身最邪惡的倒影 - 一個憤怒、嗜竊成性且力量難以想像的自我轉化成了自己能隨心駕馭的魔鬼。藉由潛伏在內心的這隻野獸，恐怖利刃打破了將他困住的畸形牢籠，開始向世界所及的任何角落宣揚他的恐怖法典。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_terrorblade_bio"	"Terrorblade is the demon marauder--an outlaw hellion whom even other demons fear. A cosmic iconoclast, he stole from the Demon Lords, ignored the codified rites that should have bound his behavior, and broke every law of the seven Infernal Regions. For his crimes, he was taught this lesson: even Hell has a hell. A short, brutal trial ensued, with many dead on all sides, and he was finally incarcerated in Foulfell, a hidden dimension where demonkind imprison their own.
But Foulfell is no normal prison. In this dark mirror of reality, demons are sentenced to gaze eternally into the twisted reflection of their own souls. But instead of suffering, Terrorblade made himself master of his own reflected worst self--a raging, thieving demon of unimaginable power. With his inner beast under sway, he destroyed the fractal prison walls and burst free to turn his terror loose upon all creation."
"npc_dota_hero_techies_bio"	"在礦工灣所有的傳說故事中，最惡名昭彰的莫過於技工隊的爆破傳奇。因為從此礦工彎就在一夕之間蒸發了，然後起重港也是、捕手鎮也是。事實上，如果有人稍微研究一下技工隊爆破事蹟的歷史就會發現，有爆破技工隊出現過的小鎮過沒多久都會離奇消失。
如同所有技工隊有關的災難，礦工灣的消失是從一項發明開始的。爆破天才斯奎、斯布林和斯布恩負責為地下礦坑設計出安全的引爆方式，而他們發明出史上最古怪的發明：按鈕。只要按一下就能遠處點燃裝置裝引線的玩意兒。
三人組迫不及待地想測試他們的新發明，他們將火鹽炸藥裝了一桶又一桶，狹小的工作坊被塞滿了剛開發出來的遙控炸彈。他們從炸彈堆中扯出一台炸彈礦車，然後將它到很遠的地方。當他們都躲進壕溝後，斯布林按下了引爆的按鈕。但過了一會兒後，啥事都沒發生。他困惑地站了起來，將他的按鈕一按在按，直到地上被炸出一顆大洞。正當它們欣喜若狂時，斯奎和斯布林轉身沒多久，從工作坊的方向便傳來一道巨大的聲波震倒了他們。
出乎意料的爆炸不僅讓他們耳鳴，更讓他們一臉茫然。他們走進烏煙瘴氣的工作坊，而映在眼簾的已是冒煙的廢墟。成堆的木頭和石頭一一墜落至他們前方的大坑洞，而坑洞漸漸地變成ㄧ座深淵。整個礦工灣開始震顫然後逐漸滑落至地下礦坑，城鎮居民開始四處逃竄。
而三人組就坐在懸崖邊看著老家沉沒，他們卻嘴巴張得大大地傻笑，也沒注意到他們很明顯會被他們的鄰居當成罪魁禍首。他們只想知道一件事：他們該怎麼做才能夠引爆更大的爆炸威力？"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_techies_bio"	"In the storied saga of Dredger's Bight, no business has ever been more reviled than Techies Demolitions. Then again, Dredger's Bight no longer exists. Nor does Toterin. Or even Trapper Town. In fact, if one were to track the history of Techies Demolitions they might notice that shortly after Techies appear, towns tend to disappear.
Like every inevitable disaster surrounding Techies, the obliteration of Dredger's Bight began with an invention. Tasked with designing a safer way of detonating explosives in the mines beneath the city, pyrotechnic prodigies Squee, Spleen, and Spoon developed their most outlandish creation yet: a button which, when pressed, would trigger a distant device to spark a fuse.
Overeager to test their invention, the trio stuffed barrel after barrel with flamesalt explosives, piling every corner of their tiny workshop high with the newly developed remote bombs. From this stockpile they plucked a single payload, burying it in a far away field. As they cowered in a ditch, Spleen pressed the detonator button. Yet after a moment, nothing happened. Confused, he stood up, pressing his button again and again until, finally, an explosion tore a hole in the field. Elated, Squee and Spleen turned toward home just as a massive wave of sound and force arrived to knock them over.
Bewildered, their ears ringing from the unexpected blast, they gathered in the dingy miasma to see a smoking ruin where their workshop once stood. Chunks of wood and stone continued to fall as the yawning crater before them slowly deepened into an expanding pit. The whole of Dredger's Bight shuddered, and then gradually started to slide into the mines below as its panicked residents fled.
Sitting at the edge of their sinking home they grinned and giggled, as giddy at the possibilities as they were oblivious to the scorn of their former neighbors. They wondered only one thing: how could they trigger an even bigger blast?"
"npc_dota_hero_abyssal_underlord_bio"	"世上現存的神話還是詩歌都沒有講述過他們的到來。<br><br>在地表深處之下存在著未知的奇觀和邪景。繼續往下，在滾動的岩漿層和即將爆發的休眠火山之下，坐落著黑曜城市艾茲尤格，無與倫比的黑曜岩跨越了無窮無盡的洞穴。蜂窩狀的城牆內填著無數奴隸的屍骨，而裡面就是深淵大軍，還有他們殘酷的孽主維洛格羅斯的領地。<br><br>由凶暴的鑄造師為其打造武器和鎧甲，又精通黑暗之門的技藝，維洛格羅斯可以藉助各世之間的扭曲召喚出焚骨揚灰的火焰和致人傷殘的惡意。他永遠都在尋求擴張自己的領土，摧毀或俘虜他遇到的一切。但地下之域存在的大陸少之又少，所以他的眼界開始向上發展。隨著他的一聲號令，第一波深淵侵略者穿過大門開始進軍，劫數難逃的幾個軍團還不能證明地上界諸國的實力。現在，隨著他的大軍已經完全準備好無盡的征戰，維洛格羅斯自己也踏入了陽光普照的世界，宣告他即將來臨的統治。孽主面前必須臣服致敬，否則難逃消亡的噩運。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_abyssal_underlord_bio"	"Neither myth nor song exist to tell of their coming. <br><br>Deep below the surface of the world lay unknown wonders and horrors. Down and down again, well beneath the slithering magma fields and simmering roots of dormant volcanoes stands the obsidian city of Aziyog, its incomparable stonework spanning an endless cavern. Within honeycomb walls mortared with the bones of countless slaves lies the domain of the Abyssal Horde, and their brutal underlord Vrogros. <br><br>Armed by the monstrous forgemasters of his kind and well-practiced in the arts of the Dark Rift, Vrogros is able to conjure forth flame and crippling malice through the twist between worlds. He seeks always to expand his holdings, destroying or enslaving all he encounters. Yet the lands offered by the subterranean realm are few, and so his sights have turned upward. By his command the first waves of abyssal invaders have already marched through the rift, a few doomed legions meant merely to test the might of nations above. Now, as his full force readies itself for unending conquest, Vrogros himself steps into a sunlit world to announce his coming reign. Those who face the Underlord will bow and pay tribute, or be crushed where they stand."
"npc_dota_hero_dark_willow_bio"	"孩子們愛講精靈的奇幻冒險故事……那是因為他們不知道精靈大多很惹人厭。而在惹人厭的精靈名單中，就屬玫麗絲卡．晴風數一數二令人鄙視。<br><br>玫麗絲卡生在一位精靈商王家裡，從小在殘忍的國度瑞芙泰爾長大，算計與謀殺在這裡都是家常便飯。她的生活中處處充斥著規矩、潛規則、社交傳統，而當她在其中如魚游水時，卻發覺一切索然無味。<br><br>因此玫麗絲卡做了多數叛逆的孩子都會做的事：把家產付之祝融、與寵物精靈傑克斯遠走高飛，從此流浪行騙為生。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_dark_willow_bio"	"Children love telling stories about the whimsical adventures of fairies... That’s because children don’t know that most fairies are spiteful jerks. And in the world of spiteful fairies there are few names spoken of with more contempt than Mireska Sunbreeze.<br><br>Born to a fae merchant king, Mireska grew up in Revtel; a cutthroat nation where manipulation and murder were the norm. But while she was quite adept at navigating the etiquette, unspoken laws, and social rituals that permeated every element of her life, she found the whole thing rather boring.<br><br>So, Mireska did what most rebellious children do: burn down her family estate and set off with her pet wisp Jex to live the life of a wandering grifter."
"npc_dota_hero_pangolier_bio"	"奈凡豪傑男男女女，都鎮日練劍、飲酒作樂、享受速食愛情。儘管所有人都堅守「人不冒險，枉為一生」的信念，但在唐特潘林的英勇事蹟前，就連貫徹享樂主義到底的劍士也不禁驚嘆三分。<br><br>唐特潘林無獸不除、無暴君不反，貴族無一能抵擋他的三寸不爛之舌，所有生靈都是他的追求對象。"
"[english]npc_dota_hero_pangolier_bio"	"The men and women that make up the Nivan Gallants live a life of swordplay, chandelier swinging, and tawdry romance. And while all adhere to their creed that “A life of adventure is the only life worth living,” the exploits of Donté Panlin still manage to raise the eyebrows of even the most hedonistic of swordsmen.<br><br>There is no monster he won’t slay. No creature he won’t woo. No tyrant he won’t stand against. And no noble immune to his silver tongue."
}
}
